{27300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour 1 teaspoon of sweet vermouth into each martini glass swirl glass to coat and pour out excess. Set aside.nFill a martini shaker with ice cubes. Pour 1 part gin and 2 parts white cranberry juice. Shake vigorously. Pour into martini glasses.nServe chilled with a garnish of whole cranberries on a toothpick., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sweet vermouth, Ice cubes, 1 part gin, 2 parts white cranberry juice, Whole cranberries on toothpicks, to garnish], title: Mayflower Martini, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 27301: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a medium skillet. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with salt and pepper and cook them through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Set aside and keep warm. In the same skillet, cook the chicken sausage, turning frequently, until they are cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nAdd the shallots to the skillet and cook until softened. Add the berries and cook until they are thawed and have released all their juices. Strain out the seeds and shallots and return the juice to the skillet. Add the balsamic vinegar and reduce the liquid until it has thickened to the consistency of syrup, about 5 minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nDrain the artichokes and pat them dry. In a clean skillet, add 1 tablespoon olive oil over high heat. Add the artichokes and cook until they are browned and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels.nWipe out the skillet, put it on medium heat, and add the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil. Toss in the zucchini strips and season them with salt and pepper. Toss gently and cook them until they are just warmed through and slightly softened, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble the dish: Put a puddle of the blackberry sauce on one side of the plate. Place a chicken breast on top of it. Slice the sausages and put the slices from half a sausage on top of the chicken breast. Make a nice pile of the zucchini and top that with the crispy artichoke hearts. Drizzle a bit more sauce over the chicken and sausages if you like. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 teaspoons plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 chicken sausages, 1 shallot, finely chopped, One 10ounce package frozen blackberries, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, One 9ounce package frozen artichokes, thawed, 2 medium zucchini, cut into ribbons], title: Chicken and Sausage with Blackberry Reduction, picturelink: aKmT8Lct5Th96VJnERTjqPHZJpLes9G}, 27302: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil and preheat 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the carrots and onion with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Brush the fish with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the paprika brush to coat the fish evenly with paprika.nCarefully remove the pan from the oven, place the fish in the center and scatter the onion and carrots around. Broil until the fish is golden and just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, microwave the peas in a bowl with 14 cup water until just tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer the peas and liquid to a food processor and pulse with the ricotta, butter and a pinch of salt to make a slightly chunky puree. Divide the puree among plates and top with the fish, carrots, onion and pan juices.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 small carrots, quartered lengthwise, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce centercut skinless halibut fillets 1 34 inches thick, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 10ounce package frozen peas, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Broiled Halibut with RicottaPea Puree, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 27303: {instructions: Place the sliced fruit and mint in a large pitcher and use a muddler to mash them together. Add the agave syrup, tequila and lime juice. Stir, and then stir in the white wine. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nTo serve, divide the fruit mixture among 8 glasses. Top each with about 14 cup lemonlime soda and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 lemons, sliced into thin rounds, 2 limes, sliced into thin rounds, 1 naval orange, halved and sliced into thin rounds, 12 large fresh mint leaves, torn, 23 cup agave nectar syrup, 12 cup silver tequila, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 bottle white wine, chilled, such as a Sauvignon Blanc, 2 cups lemonlime soda, chilled], title: Tequila Sangria, picturelink: 3ECNWlZTNwla9kUMLn.uavKzE4pYMzy}, 27304: {instructions: Place sheet of nori vertically on mat. Wet fingers and palms with rice vinegar and spread about 1 cup of sushi rice evenly over nori. Cover with plastic wrap and press evenly. Turn over so that now nori is on top and the plastic wrap is on the mat. Lay fillings horizontally across the end of nori closest to you. Roll almost one complete turn, stopping to press and make firm, then complete the roll. Dampen the knife with rice vinegar and cut roll into 1 inch slices. Gently remove the plastic wrap.nServe with pickled ginger, wasabi and soy sauce as condimentsnRinse rice in water until the water runs clear and then drain in a colander for 1 hour. Place the drained rice in a rice cooker or in a pot with a tightfitting lid and add 4 cups water. Over medium heat, cover and bring the water to a boil. Boil for about 2 minutes, reduce heat and allow to simmer for another 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, or until water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat, remove lid, and place a towel over pot. Replace lid and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the rice cooks, combine vinegar, sugar and remaining 14 cup water in a saucepan. Heat over low temperatures, stirring, until sugar and salt dissolve. Let cool.nEmpty rice into a hangiri or other nonmetallic tub and spread it evenly over the bottom with a shamoji or large wooden spoon. Run the spatula through the rice in slicing motions to separate the grains. While doing this, slowly add vinegar mixture. Add only as much as is necessary the rice should not be mushy. If you have help, fan the rice with an uchiwa fan during the cooling and mixing procedures.nDo not refrigerate the rice. Keep it in the tub covered with a clean cloth until ready to use. The rice will last one day., ingredients: [Sushi rice, Nori, Avocado, Carrot, Eggplant grilled Japanese, Tofu made crisp by frying, Tomato, Cucumber Chinesewithout seeds, or regular is also ok, Asparagus, Aburage inari tofu skins, Wilted spinach, Bell peppers, julienned, Scallions, julienned, Snow peas, julienned, Black sesame seeds, White sesame seeds, Black sesame seedssalt combination, 3 13 cups short grain rice, 4 cups water, plus 14 cup water, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 teaspoons salt], title: Inside Out Rolls Ura Maki, picturelink: null}, 27305: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, water, peanut butter, and chili paste until smooth.nHeat a large wok over mediumhigh heat, and add canola oil. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and ginger and let cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the vegetables, chicken, and shrimp, and stirfry until chicken and shrimp are browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add noodles and toss to coat.nAdd peanutspice paste, brown sugar and cider vinegar and toss to distribute. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.nSpread chopped romaine on a platter. Serve pad Thai on top of lettuce and garnish with mung bean sprouts, lime, cilantro and chopped peanuts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon Asian chili paste, such as sambal oelek, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 cup julienned mixed vegetables carrots, yellow squash, zucchini, 4 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast or thigh, sliced into strips, 12 medium to large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 pound mediumwide rice noodles, soaked in warm water until softened and drained, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, Chopped Romaine lettuce, for garnish, Mung bean sprouts, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Chopped peanuts, for garnish], title: Pad Thai with Chicken and Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 27306: {instructions: Combine wine, water, sugar and spices and bring to a boil. Add apricots, prunes and raisins, cover and bring back to a simmer Remove from heat and cool. Stir in fresh fruit of choice and garnish with mint, yogurt and almonds., ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 1 stick cinnamon 1 bay leaf, 4 cloves whole allspice, peppercorns, 6 ounces dried apricots, 6 ounces dried pitted prunes, 2 ounces golden raisins, 1 to 2 cups cut up fresh seasonal fruit, Fresh mint, plain or vanilla yogurt and sliced almonds for garnish], title: Quick Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 27307: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the sweet potatoes, butter, vegetable oil, peppers, onion, chili powder and granulated garlic in a large mixing bowl. Season with some salt and pepper and toss, making sure everything is coated evenly. Spread the mixture out onto a baking tray and place in the oven. Bake until the potatoes are knife tender with a crispy exterior, about 20 minutes, stirring twice during the cooking process.nRemove the hash from the oven, increase the oven temperature to broil and broil for 5 minutes to brown. To finish, toss the potatoes with the chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potato, peeled and diced into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 Cubanelle peppers, diced small, 12 yellow onion, diced 14 inch, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Sweet Patater Hash, picturelink: Pg3TmYWFdvd2ZtvM9fW81g09ZwGGGXe}, 27308: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until crisptender, 4 to 5 minutes, add the shallot in the last 30 seconds of cooking time. Drain well and transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the olive oil, lemon juice, zest and pine nuts and toss well. Season with salt and pepper.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Juice and zest of 12 a lemon, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Green Beans with Lemon and Pine Nuts, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 27309: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chili puree: Combine the pasilla chiles, ancho chiles, chile de arbol and chicken stock in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the chiles are soft, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Pour into a blender. Add the tortillas and puree until smooth. The chili mixture should be quite thick with just enough liquid to puree. You may need to add a bit of additional stock.nFor the chili: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil smokes, add the venison and cook, stirring twice, until just brown, about 5 minutes. Remove the meat with a slotted spoon and set aside.nAdd the onion to the pan with the hot oil and cook until well browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin and cook for 1 minute. Add the chili puree and cook, stirring often to prevent scorching, until thick and very dark, about 7 minutes. Stir in the venison, beer and chicken stock. Lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, until very thick and reduced by half, about 1 hour.nTie the cilantro and cinnamon stick together with kitchen twine. Remove the chili from the heat and stir in the cinnamon and cilantro bundle. Let stand, without stirring, for 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon and cilantro bundle. Let stand, without stirring, for 15 more minutes, then stir in some lime juice to taste. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pasilla chiles, seeded, 2 ancho chiles, seeded, 1 chile de arbol, seeded, 1 12 cup chicken stock, plus more as needed for pureeing, 2 corn tortillas, quartered, 6 tablespoons corn oil, 1 12 pounds ground venison, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 12 cup dark beer, 4 cups chicken stock, 8 sprigs fresh cilantro, 1 cinnamon stick, Fresh lime juice, for serving, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Texas Venison Chili, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 27310: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker muddle lime wedge with fresh lime juice and simple syrup. Add cachaza and shake well with ice. Serve in a rocks glass. Garnish with a lime wheel., ingredients: [1 lime wedge, Splash of fresh limejuice, 34ounce simple syrup, 2 ounces Cachaza], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 27311: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a food processor and mix briefly., ingredients: [4 medium tomatoes, diced, 112 cups canned, diced tomatoes, 12cup diced red onion, 3 Tbs. chopped scallions, 12cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 Tbs. diced jalapeno pepper, 14cup chopped cilantro, 112 Tbs. fresh lime juice, 1 tsp. salt, 14tsp. black pepper, 12tsp. dried oregano leaves, 14tsp. garlic powder], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: null}, 27312: {instructions: Peel the potato and coarsely grate into a bowl. Add the lemon juice and toss to combine. Peel the parsnips and coarsely grate into another bowl. Place the grated potato on towel, and then gather up the corners to form a sack and twist tightly to wring out as much liquid as possible. Stir the potato together with the parsnips, flour, chives, salt, pepper and eggs until combined well. Fry in 12 cup vegetable oil in a medium skillet on medium heat, in two batches, about 2 minutes on each side.nBefore serving, sprinkle with granulated sugar and torch, or place under the broiler to caramelize., ingredients: [1 large russet baking potato 8 to 10 ounces, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 medium parsnips 1 pound total, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling], title: Rons Parsnip Latke Brulee, picturelink: GfCwhBs7jK8NJ3kImSFYrfKCAn7L4a}, 27313: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the chickpeas, cumin and a pinch each of salt and pepper stir well to coat. Add the tomatoes and 13 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes.nMake 8 wells in the sauce and crack an egg into each run the edge of a spatula through the whites to distribute them, being careful not to break the yolks. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the egg whites are just set, 8 to 10 minutes. The eggs will continue cooking after you remove them from the oven. Meanwhile, wrap the pita bread in foil and warm in the oven, about 5 minutes cut into wedges.nCombine the yogurt, hummus and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle the herbs over the eggs season with salt and pepper. Serve with the pita bread and hummus sauce.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 14.5ounce cans petite diced tomatoes with green chiles, 8 large eggs, 2 pieces pita bread, 12 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 14 cup hummus, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro andor mint], title: Shakshuka with Chickpeas, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 27314: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels and crumble. Reserve 1 12 tablespoons of the fat in the skillet.nCombine the wine, shallot, peppercorns, and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to mediumhigh, and simmer until reduced to about 1 tablespoon. Pour in the cream and simmer until reduced by half.nHeat the large skillet with the reserved bacon fat over mediumhigh heat. Add half the cabbage and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until it begins to wilt, about 5 minutes. Transfer the cabbage to a bowl and cook the remaining cabbage in the same manner. Return all the cabbage to the skillet and pour in the cream mixture. Cook, stirring often, until the cabbage is very tender yet still crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the Gorgonzola and the parsley. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until the cheese has melted. Sprinkle each portion with the crumbled bacon., ingredients: [3 thick slices bacon, about 3 ounces, 6 tablespoons dry white wine, 12 small shallot, minced, 12 tablespoon drained bottled green peppercorns, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 small green cabbage, halved, cored, and sliced about 14inch thick about 6 cups shredded cabbage, Freshly grated black pepper, 1 12 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled about 13 cup, 12 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Warm Cabbage with Bacon and Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 27315: {instructions: Pour the stock into a large stockpot and bring to a boil with the cilantro tied for easy removal later, salt and pepper.nAdd the chicken, leek, onion, garlic, turnips, carrots, chayote, yams, potatoes, and cabbage and simmer over medium heat, cooking until the vegetables are tender and chicken is cooked, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the chicken pieces to a tureen skin the chicken if desired or individual plates and surround with the vegetables. Strain the broth over the vegetables and chicken and garnish with Avocado Sauce.nCut the avocados into quarters. Remove the seeds, peel and place in a mixing bowl. Mash with a potato masher or fork. Add the remaining ingredients and beat with a fork to mix thoroughly., ingredients: [3 quarts chicken stock, 1 bunch cilantro, washed and tied, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds chicken pieces, on bone trim knobs off drumsticks, cut breasts and thighs in half with a cleaver, leave wings trimmed, 1 leek, washed, white part cut into 2 inch chunks, 1 large onion, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 turnips, peeled, quartered, 3 carrots, peeled, cut into 2 inch chunks, 12 pound chayote, quartered, 12 pound yams, peeled, cut into 1 inch cubes, 12 pound potatoes, peeled, cut into 1 inch cubes, 12 small cabbage, cut into wedges, Avocado Sauce, recipe follows, 2 avocados, preferably Haas, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 3 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 1 medium tomato, seeded and finely diced, Juice of 1 lime, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken in a Pot, picturelink: null}, 27316: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, cayenne, salt and Worcestershire, and continue to beat until smooth, about 5 minutes. Add 12 cup of the Parmesan and the Onion Jam, and mix on low speed until just combined. At this point, cook immediately or store the dip in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nScoop the dip into a baking dish and top with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan and the crumbled bacon. Bake until the cheese melts and the dip begins to bubble, 8 to 10 minutes. Garnish with chives and serve the dip with crackers, warm bread and vegetables.n1 tablespoon vegetable oilnIn a large frying pan set over mediumlow heat, add the oil and then the onions. Add the salt and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the vinegar, sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Continue to cook over low heat, stirring often, until the liquid is absorbed and the onions are rich golden brown, about 20 minutes. Spread the onion jam on a cookie sheet and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate any leftovers., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon dry English mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, 13 cup Onion Jam, recipe follows, 3 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled, Chopped chives, for garnish, Serving suggestions: crackers, toasted bread and vegetables, 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar], title: George and the Dragons Bacon Onion Dip, picturelink: RDdzaOZt11RMlYEQrHmooKK.QOIOS}, 27317: {instructions: Wash meat with water and vinegar. Place meat in a bowl and season with curry powder, salt and pepper. Add garlic, scallions, thyme, onion, pimento seeds and pepper. Let marinade for at least 30 minutes.nAdd seasoned meat to a pressure cooker, and cover with water. Place lid on the cooker and cook over medium heat until you hear a steam hissing sound. Cook for for 30 minutes or cover with 2 cups of water and cook in a Dutch oven for 1 hour. Halfway through cooking process turn pressure cooker off and let rest for about 5 minutes to reduce steam pressure. Remove lid and add potatoes and carrots. Simmer, uncovered for 10 more minutes or until the gravy thickens and the vegetables are cooked., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 pounds goat meat, cut into cubes, Vinegar, Water, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 scallion stalks, sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 large onion, sliced, 3 pimento seeds, 1 Scotch Bonnet, 1 small white potato, cubed, 1 small carrot, sliced], title: Curry Goat, picturelink: null}, 27318: {instructions: Pour all ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [23 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon seedless strawberry jam, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup strawberries, sliced, partially frozen, 23 cup ice chips], title: Strawberry Cooler, picturelink: null}, 27319: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, ground ginger, cinnamon, salt, allspice and cloves. Add the shortening, butter and the brown and granulated sugars to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Slip in the molasses and egg and beat until well incorporated.nAdd the flour mixture by scoopfuls and beat until combined.nAdd the turbinado sugar to a small plate or bowl. Roll the dough into balls that are 1 inch in diameter 12 ounce in weight, then roll in the sugar. Place 12 balls on a baking sheet 2 inches apart. Bake the cookies 9 to 11 minutes, rotating halfway through the baking time. Cool on the baking sheets for 4 minutes, then continue cooling on wire racks. Repeat with the second batch., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon turbinando sugar], title: Jamies OldFashioned Ginger Crinkle Cookies, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 27320: {instructions: Drizzle a bit of olive oil in a large saucepan. Add the bacon and set the pan over medium heat cook, stirring occasionally, until brown and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels. Do not discard the bacon fat: Reserve that deliciousnessnAdd the butter and onion to the pan with the bacon fat season with salt and cook until the onion is soft and aromatic, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture looks like wet sand, about 3 minutes.nSlowly whisk in the milk, mustard and a few shakes of Tabasco. Season with salt and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Simmer until the mixture is slightly thicker than heavy cream, 6 to 8 more minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook 1 minute less than the instructions on the package suggest. Taste it: It should be toothsome, with just a little nugget of hard pasta still in the centerthis is al dente. Drain the pasta.nAdd the cheddar, fontina and parmesan to the milk mixture and whisk to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed, adding a little more milk if the mixture seems too thick. Stir in the cooked bacon and pasta. The mixture should be very creamy and flavorful. Serve immediately. If making ahead, transfer to a baking dish or ramekins, then reheat in a 375 degree oven.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices bacon, cut crosswise into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, cut into 14 inch dice, Kosher salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, plus more as needed, 14 cup dijon mustard, Tabasco or other hot sauce, 1 pound medium shells or other short pasta, 2 cups grated cheddar cheese about 8 ounces, 2 cups grated fontina cheese about 8 ounces, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese about 4 ounces], title: Killer Mac and Cheese with Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 27321: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish, then line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on 2 sides butter the parchment.nBeat 2 12 sticks butter, the granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour and beat until just incorporated.nTransfer the dough to the prepared baking dish and set a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface. Press into an even layer, then peel off the plastic. Bake until golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly, then remove from the pan using the parchment. Cut into triangles.nMake the caramel: Combine the remaining 12 stick butter, the brown sugar, corn syrup, heavy cream, espresso powder and kosher salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer registers 235 degrees F, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla and the vinegar. Let cool 5 minutes, then drizzle over the shortbread. Sprinkle with sea salt.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cider vinegar, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Shortbread, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 27322: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat large roasting pan with nonstick vegetableoil cooking spray. Rub turkey on all sides with olive oil and lime juice.nDry Rub: Mix onion salt, chili powder, dried oregano, cumin, garlic powder, allspice and cayenne in small bowl. Rub 1 12 tablespoons mixture over turkey.nRoast turkey in the oven for 1 12 to 2 12 hours or until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on instantread thermometer. Remove turkey to a warm place let stand 10 minutes.nGravy: Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from roasting pan. Sprinkle flour and 12 teaspoon of remaining dry rub over bottom of roasting pan cook over mediumhigh heat, scraping up any browned bits from bottom of pan, for about 1 minute. Gradually whisk in chicken broth until smooth cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 2 minutes. Strain gravy through sieve into gravy boat keep warm.nCut off each 12 of the turkey breast from the bone. Wrap one 12 and refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 4 months, for later use. Slice other 12 of turkey breast and serve with the gravy, and mashed potatoes, if desired., ingredients: [1 whole turkey breast on the bone 6 to 7 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons onion salt, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 can 14.5 ounces chicken broth, Mashed potatoes, for serving, if desired], title: Roast Turkey Breast with Zesty Dry Rub, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 27323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and line a 9by9by2inch baking pan with parchment paper, allowing a 2inch overhang. Butter the lining too.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan add both sugars and whisk until combined and the sugar is melted, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl and let cool slightly. Whisk in the eggs and vanilla extract until combined. Add the flour mixture and whisk until just incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips, almonds and toffee chips and transfer the mixture to the prepared pan.nBake until the top cracks slightly and is firm to the touch and a skewer inserted into the center comes out with moist pieces clinging to it, 24 to 27 minutes. Remove to a wire rack and let cool completely. Remove the bars from the pan using the parchment handles, transfer to a cutting board and cut into 2inch squares., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for buttering the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup light brown muscovado sugar, 12 cup dark brown muscovado sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup milk chocolate chips, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted almonds, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons toffee chips], title: Blondies, picturelink: JVF35R5zMNQYUVjc6mRc.cL6HG1qG}, 27324: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream makernPlace the basil leaves in a medium bowl. Pour 2 cups boiling water over the leaves and leave to steep for at least 20 minutes. Remove the basil leaves, squeezing them over the water to release all of the juices.nPrepare a large bowl of ice water and set aside. Pour the basil water into a small saucepan, add the sugar and bring to a boil. When the sugar has dissolved, remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and zest, corn syrup, limoncello and salt. Transfer to a medium bowl and set in the bowl of ice water. Stir until cold.nPour the lemon mixture into an ice cream machine and churn according to the manufacturers directions. Transfer to a chilled, airtight container and store in the freezer until firm, 3 to 4 hours.nScoop the sorbet into serving dishes and garnish with lemon zest and fresh baby basil leaves., ingredients: [12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, plus additional baby leaves for garnish, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 14 cups fresh lemon juice from about 8 lemons plus 2 tablespoons fresh lemon zest, plus additional zest for garnish, 12 cup corn syrup, 2 tablespoons limoncello, Pinch salt], title: Basil Limoncello Sorbet, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 27325: {instructions: In a steamer basket, steam the squash for 10 minutes, or until tender and puree in blender or with immersion blender. Set asidenMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic and thyme until the onion is limp and translucent. Clean, trim and slice the shiitakes. Add them to skillet. Turn the heat up to high, and saute until the mushrooms are soft and golden. Add the squash puree, chicken broth and cream and season with salt and pepper. Bring the cream to a gentle simmer, gently tossing the ingredients to mix. Grate a handful of Parmesan cheese into the sauce and continue to cook until the cream reduces slightly.nMeanwhile, following the recipe below cook the spaetzle in abundant boiling salted water until al dente.nQuickly drain the spaetzle and place it in the pan with the sauce. Add the walnuts and gently toss the pasta with the sauce over low heat just until it has absorbed some of the sauce. Place the pasta in a serving bowl. Dust with more Parmesan cheese and serve.nSift flour into a large bowl. Add salt. Make a well in the center. In another bowl whisk together the eggs and water. Add to dry ingredients and beat with spatula until smooth and elastic.nPush batter through spaetzle maker into a large pot of boiling salted water and cook, uncovered, just until spaetzle is firm, floats to the top and no longer tastes of raw flour, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain spaetzle well before using., ingredients: [12 large butternut squash, peeled, cut into 12inch dice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, peeled and minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves only, or 18 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Parmesan cheese, 1 recipe Spaetzle, recipe follows, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup cold water], title: Spaetzle with Butternut Squash and Mushroom Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27326: {instructions: Cook 1 14 cups wild rice blend as the label directs discard the flavor packet, if included. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 sliced small shallot, 1 sliced jalapeno, 12 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms and 12 teaspoon kosher salt cook, stirring, until tender, about 5 minutes. Fluff the rice and add to the skillet season with salt. Stir in 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Wild Rice with Mushrooms, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 27327: {instructions: Combine flour, 12 teaspoon salt, sugar, and yeast in the bowl of an electric mixer, and slowly add 1 34 cups cold water. Mix on low speed until ingredients begin to combine, increase speed to mediumhigh, and continue to mix for about 10 minutes until the dough is smooth, elastic, and cleanly pulls away from the sides of the mixing bowl. Place dough in an oiled bowl, and allow to rest for 2 to 4 hours until it has doubled in size. Split the dough into halves, and form each into a log. Place each log on a generously floured surface, and allow it to rest until the formed dough doubles in size again, at least 1 hour. Put dough on a lightly floured bakers peel. Dimple dough by pressing it down with your fingertips. Work the dough outward toward the edges of the peel until you reach your desired size and thickness, about 14inch. Drizzle with remaining olive oil, and sprinkle with remaining salt. Place a baking stone, sometimes known as a pizza stone, in the oven. Set oven to broil, about 520 degrees. Slide pizza onto baking stone with the bakers peel. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until bubbles range from golden to deep brown in color., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon instant dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 sprig fresh rosemary], title: Pizza Bianca, picturelink: null}, 27328: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes, cut side up, on a cookie sheet. Combine the remaining ingredients, except the oil, in a small bowl. Rub the tomatoes with a little oil and top each tomato with a generous amount the bread crumb and herb mixture. Season with salt and pepper and bake for 10 minutes., ingredients: [12 large tomatoes, cut in 12, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 27329: {instructions: Puree the mango flesh in a food processor or blender water may be needed to puree. Transfer puree to a large saucepan, and add remaining ingredients for the barbecue sauce. Mix together until all ingredients are combined, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer, covered, for about 30 to 45 minutes or until the sauce has thickened.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F in a large Dutch oven or electric fryer. Rinse the chicken drumettes and pat dry with paper towels. Season chicken with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper Set aside.nIn a shallow bowl or resealable bag, combine remaining salt and pepper with the flour and paprika. In a separate dish, mix together the eggs and evaporated milk until well combined. Roll the seasoned chicken pieces in the flour, a few at a time, until well coated. Then, dip chicken in the milk and egg mixture, followed by another coat of seasoned flour. Allow the chicken to sit in the flour and dry out for about 5 minutes, ensuring that the coating will stay on better. Carefully add the chicken pieces to the fryer as will fit without touching. Do not crowd the pan or the temperature will lower, making the chicken greasy. Fry for 5 minutes, then turn the pieces over and fry the other side 5 minutes. Cook for about 10 minutes total, or until the pieces begin to float. Remove chicken to a plate lined with paper towels to drain, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, place the fried wings in a large bowl and toss with the barbecue sauce or less, to taste. Refrigerate any leftover barbecue sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups pitted and peeled mango, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup water, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 6 to 10 cups vegetable oil, 2 dozen chicken drumettes, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 eggs, 1 cup evaporated milk], title: Battered Chicken Wings with Pomegranate and Mango Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27330: {instructions: Stir together the grapefruit juice, cranberry juice and vodka in a cocktail shaker. Pour over ice in a cocktail glass and serve garnished with a lime wedge., ingredients: [4 ounces Ruby Red grapefruit juice, 2 ounces cranberry juice, 2 ounces vodka, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Trishas Signature Cocktail, picturelink: Beg.pJMifwRLRDkYiwFtQGDouZ7Eqa}, 27331: {instructions: Put the ice cubes in a highball glass, add bitters and fill with ginger ale., ingredients: [2 or 3 ice cubes, 1 teaspoon Angostura bitters, Ginger ale], title: Angostura Highball, picturelink: null}, 27332: {instructions: Place watermelon in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour the pureed watermelon into 2 empty ice cube trays and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours. Place 8 martini glasses in the freezer to chill.nPlace 2 cups of the watermelon ice cubes and the remaining ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into 4 glasses and repeat with the remaining ingredients. Garnish each glass with a watermelon wedge., ingredients: [5 cups cubed watermelon, seeds removed, 12 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar melts, cooled, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 cups silver tequila, 4 ounces orange liqueur, 2 ounces melon liqueur, Watermelon wedges, for garnish], title: Frozen Watermelon Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 27333: {instructions: Season fish with salt and pepper, and dust with flour. Heat a skillet and add canola oil to it. Saute the fish until brown on both sides. Remove from the pan and place in a deep pan.nRemove some of the canola oil from the saute pan, and lower the heat to low, add all the vegetables and cook until soft and translucent. Add the ketchup and cook 1 more minute.nRemove from the heat and add all other ingredients, except the avocado. Cover the fish with all ingredients and allow to cool to room temperature. Cover and place in refrigerator for 2 days. Serve with avocado slices., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, Flour, for dusting, 3 pounds grouper or sea bass, skin off, cut into 4 to 5 ounce fillets, Canola oil, for frying, 1 red onion, julienne, 2 red peppers, julienne, 2 yellow peppers, julienne, 1 carrot, peeled sliced in thin rounds, 4 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 14 jalapeno chile, minced, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 shot hot pepper sauce, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and sliced lengthwise into18inch slices, tossed with lime juice and seasoned with salt], title: Escabeche, picturelink: null}, 27334: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Remove the stems from 24 large cremini mushrooms.nWipe the caps clean with a damp paper towel, then toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt. Arrange on a baking sheet.nFinely crush 20 butter crackers such as Ritz mix with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Melt 2 more tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add 12 cup each finely chopped celery and red bell pepper cook until softened, 5 minutes. Add 1 chopped garlic clove cook 1 minute. Combine 4 ounces cream cheese and 2 tablespoons mayonnaise in a large bowl add 12 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup each grated parmesan, cracker crumbs and chopped parsley, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, the celery mixture and 8 ounces lump crabmeat. Divide among the mushroom caps and sprinkle with the remaining cracker crumbs.nBake 12 to 15 minutes, then broil until golden. Let cool 5 minutes, then remove from the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Crispy Crab Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 27335: {instructions: Halve 2 pounds unpeeled red onions toss in a large bowl with 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sweet smoked paprika and a pinch each of sugar and salt. Place the onions cutside down on a baking sheet roast at 450 degrees until soft and browned, 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Red Onions, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 27336: {instructions: Remove the meat from the pheasant. Chop into small pieces and marinate in the red vermouth overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a terrine mold with bacon. Drain the pheasant meat and arrange half in the mold. Season with salt and pepper. Put a layer of walnuts on top and fill the rest of the mold with the pheasant. Season. Cover with bacon. Set the mold in a bain marie and cook in the preheated oven 45 minutes. When cooked, ease the terrine away from sides of the mold and leave to cool in the mold. Turn out for serving., ingredients: [1 pheasant, 12 bottle red vermouth, 1 pound streaky bacon rashers, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 1 jar pickled walnuts, available online.], title: Pheasant and Pickled Walnut Terrine, picturelink: null}, 27337: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a rimmed baking pan with cooking spray set aside. Wipe mushrooms clean with paper towels remove stems and discard. Brush inside and outside with olive oil.n2. In a medium bowl, combine stuffing mix and the boiling water. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes or until slightly softened. Stir in ricotta, mozzarella, 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese, pesto and garlic. Spoon stuffing mixture into mushroom caps. Place caps on prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown.nExcerpted from the book, Sandra Lee SemiHomemade Cocktail Time, by Sandra Lee Copyright 2009 SLSH Enterprises, Inc., ingredients: [Nostick cooking spray, Pamu00ae, 24 large fresh mushrooms, 112 to 2 inches in diameter, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup San Francisco sourdough stuffing mix, Stovetopu00ae, 12 cup boiling water, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 34 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Sargentou00ae, 2 tablespoons pesto, Classicou00ae, 2 teaspoons garlic blend, Gourmet Gardenu00ae], title: PestoStuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 27338: {instructions: Line dessert bowls with brownie squares or pound cake. Set coffee ice cream out to soften a bit. Heat hot fudge sauce over low heat or in the microwave. Place darkroast coffee beans in a heavy duty plastic food storage bag and crush them with a small heavy skillet or mallet. If you have a coffee grinder, grind the beans on coarsest setting. Add beans to sauce with 14 cup 2 ounces, strong coffee. Scoop coffee ice cream on cake or brownies. Top with coffee fudge sauce and salted nuts and serve. WOW, ingredients: [4 brownies or pound cake slices, 1 pint coffee ice cream, 1 cup prepared hot fudge sauce, 2 tablespoons dark roast coffee beans, 14 cup strong coffee, 12 cup salted Spanish peanuts the small peanuts with skins], title: Spanish Coffee and Fudge Sundaes, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 27339: {instructions: Peel and thinly slice a 4inch piece of ginger put in a small jar. Pierce 1 or 2 Thai chiles with the tip of a knife add to the jar. Bring 12 cup each rice vinegar and water, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 2 star anise pods to a simmer in a saucepan cook 5 minutes, then pour over the ginger and let cool slightly. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Pickled Ginger, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 27340: {instructions: Place the chickpeas in a medium bowl and cover with 2 inches of cold water. Soak overnight.nPlace the cumin and coriander seeds in an 8inch castiron skillet and set over medium high heat. Cook, shaking the pan frequently, until the seeds give off an aroma and just begin to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the toasted spices to a spice grinder and process until finely ground. Set aside.nDrain the chickpeas. Combine the soaked chickpeas, ground cumin and coriander, garlic and scallions, salt, black pepper, baking powder, cayenne pepper, and parsley leaves in a medium mixing bowl.nPass this mixture through a meat grinder or stand mixer with the grinder attachment fitted with the smallest die. Alternatively, you can divide the mixture in half and process one half at a time in a food processor, pulsing 10 to 20 times.nScoop the mixture into 1 12 to 2ounce portions using a 2inch diameter disher. Place on a half sheet pan lined with parchment. Can be held hold at room temperature for up to 2 hours before frying, or covered in the refrigerator overnight.nHeat the peanut oil in a 5quart Dutch oven over high heat until it reaches 350 degrees F. Adjust the heat to maintain temperature. Gently place the falafel, 1 at a time, into the hot oil. Fry 4 at a time until deep golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a half sheet pan lined with a cooling rack and topped with a paper towel to drain. Repeat until all falafel have been cooked. Serve on warm pita., ingredients: [1 pound dried chickpeas, sorted and rinsed, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seed, 1 teaspoon whole coriander seed, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 4 small scallions, trimmed and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon aluminumfree baking powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 quarts peanut oil, Pita bread, warmed, for serving], title: Falafel, picturelink: null}, 27341: {instructions: Sift the flour into a bowl. In another bowl mix together the milk and egg yolks with a little bit of salt. Add the milk mixture to the flour and blend to a smooth dough.nSaute the bread in the butter over moderate heat until golden. Sprinkle the bread over the dough. Pour on the goose fat and let the mixture mellow 1 hour. Blend the bread into the dough. Beat 2 egg whites until stiff and fold them into the dough.nSoak a tea towel in water, squeeze it dry and line a sieve with it. Add the dough and pull the cloth up around the dough and tie it off immediately above dough. Transfer the wrapped dough to a pot of simmering water with a rack and poach it for 1 hour. Transfer it to a platter, let it cool a little, and then untie it and cut the dumpling with a thread into slices.nRecommended drink: Lager, ingredients: [2 cups instant flour, 1 cup milk, 2 egg yolks, Salt, 2 cups diced stale white bread, 4 tablespoons butter, 13 cup melted room temperature goose fat, 2 egg whites], title: Bohemian Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 27342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the butter and peanut butter in a 4quart microwavesafe bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Microwave for 2 minutes on high. Stir and microwave on high for 2 more minutes. Use caution when removing this mixture from the microwave, it will be very hot. Add the vanilla and powdered sugar to the peanut butter mixture and stir to combine with a wooden spoon. The mixture will become hard to stir and lose its sheen. Spread into a buttered 8 by 8inch pan lined with parchment paper. Fold the excess parchment paper so it covers the surface of the fudge and refrigerate until cool, about 2 hours. Cut into 1inch pieces and store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to a week., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, plus more for greasing pan, 1 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound powdered sugar], title: Peanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: niutUIBJniUymgE76jhr4Ku60VRBPa}, 27343: {instructions: Make the cocktail sauce: Combine the chili sauce, ketchup, lemon juice, horseradish, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving.nMake the shrimp: Combine 8 cups water, the bay leaves, quartered lemon, peppercorns, coriander seeds and 2 tablespoons salt in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and add the shrimp. Simmer until the shrimp curl slightly and are just cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the shrimp to a plate with a slotted spoon refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Serve with the cocktail sauce and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the shrimp:, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, quartered, plus wedges for serving, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, Kosher salt, 1 pound about 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, For the cocktail sauce:, 13 cup sweet chili sauce such as Heinz, 14 cup ketchup, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 27344: {instructions: Pour the flour mixture on a plate, and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the scaloppini in the flour and shake off the excess, set aside. Melt butter and olive oil together in a skillet over medium fire. Add scaloppini to skillet and brown on both sides. Set aside until all the veal has been cooked. After the veal has been removed from the pan, add the chicken stock to the pan over high heat and scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen the brown bits. Cook until the liquid has thickened. Straining the liquid may be necessary to remove the larger pieces of the scrapings. Add 1 tablespoon of butter, capers, lemon juice and parsley to sauce. Stir over a high heat about 5 minutes. Pour sauce over the veal. Garnish with sliced lemons and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds veal scaloppini, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil and butter, equal amounts, enough to coat the skillet, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Capers, 12 lemon, juiced, plus 12 lemon thinly sliced, for garnish, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Veal with Lemon and Capers, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 27345: {instructions: Beat 1 14 cups dark brown sugar and 1 stick butter until fluffy, then beat in 1 egg and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Whisk 1 12 cups flour, 14 cup malted milk powder, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon baking soda stir into the butter mixture. Chill 30 minutes, then roll into balls. Press a halved malted milk ball into the center of each cookie before baking, 12 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Malteds, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 27346: {instructions: Cut stems and thick center ribs from Swiss chard leaves. Discard center ribs and chop coarse stems and leaves separately.nIn a 9inch heavy skillet cook onion in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add stems, 2 tablespoons water, raisins, and salt, to taste, and cook, covered, over moderately low heat until stems are softened, about 5 minutes. Add leaves, olives, and remaining 2 tablespoons water and cook, covered, over moderate heat until leaves are wilted, about 3 minutes. Remove lid and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of liquid is evaporated and leaves are tender., ingredients: [34 pound about 12 large bunch Swiss chard, washed well and drained, 12 onion, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, chopped fine, Salt, 6 kalamata or other large brinecured black olives, pitted and chopped fine], title: Swiss Chard with Olives and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 27347: {instructions: Grab a large nonstick skillet, pour the olive oil into it and pop it over mediumhigh heat until the oil is shimmering. Carefully lay the paneer into the pan and cook until golden brown on one side, 1 or 2 minutes dont be too hasty to flip it though. If it doesnt release from the pan easily, then wait another 30 seconds because it hasnt browned enough.nWhen the paneer is browned on both sides, remove it to a plate.nAdd the shallot and garlic saute until the shallots are soft.nAdd the dates, chicken stock, cinnamon stick and red pepper flakes. Stir together, and then return the paneer to the pan. Make sure the liquid is at a gentle simmer. Cover and cook about 5 minutes.nCheck for seasoning. Depending on the chicken stock you used, you may or may not need to add salt and pepper.nRemove the paneer to a plate and pour the sauce over top. Sprinkle with lemon zest, lemon juice, parsley and almonds. Serve immediately with a big chunk of naan or breadnLine a large colander with a large double layer of cheesecloth, and set it in your sink.nIn a large wide pot, bring the milk to a gentle boil over medium heat, stirring frequently to avoid burning the bottom a nonstick pot works really well for this purpose. This will take a little while so be patientnAdd the lemon juice and turn the heat down to low. Stirring gently, you should almost immediately see the curds white milk solids and whey the greenish liquid separate. Dont fret, this is perfectnRemove the pot from the heat and carefully pour the contents into the cheeseclothlined colander. Gently rinse with cool water to get rid of the lemon flavor. At this point, you could squeeze out some of the liquid, and serve with some honey and some nuts, almost like a fresh ricottanGrab the ends of the cheesecloth and twist the ball of cheese to squeeze out the excess whey. Tie the cheesecloth to your kitchen faucet and allow the cheese to drain for about 5 minutes.nTwisting the ball to compact the cheese into a block, place it on a plate with the twisted part of the cheesecloth on the side this will ensure your block of cheese is nice and smooth and set another plate on top. Weigh the second plate down with cans of beans or a heavy pot. Move to the refrigerator and let it sit about 20 minutes.nYield: Makes 12 ounces of cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces paneer, Indian cheese, either storebought or made from my recipe, recipe follows, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 dates, pitted and chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cinnamon stick, Hefty pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Zest of a lemon, Juice of half a lemon, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, toasted, Naan, for serving, Cheesecloth, 8 cups whole milk, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus more as needed, see Cooks Note], title: Spicy Paneer Fingers with Dates and Almonds, picturelink: s9VwiYu0kBX5HsorPVFIzi41z5qbTjC}, 27348: {instructions: Cut each fennel stalk bulb into 6 wedges of equal size. Set aside.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the fennel and shallots and saute for 4 minutes. Add the orange zest, orange juice, broth, and salt and pepper to taste, and bring to a simmer. Lower the heat, cover, and cook, stirring from time to time, for 45 minutes, or until the fennel is meltingly tender. Remove from the heat and stir in the hazelnuts. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, 2 tablespoons butter or olive oil, 12 cup chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 34 cup fresh orange juice, strained, 34 cup chicken broth, Coarse salt and freshly ground black peper, 1 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts], title: OrangeBraised Fennel with Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 27349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over medium heat, heat oil and butter. Saute the onions until slightly softened, about 2 minutes, then add the red pepper flakes and garlic, cook another minute. Add collard greens and cook another minute. Add the vegetable stock, cover and bring to a simmer. Cook until greens are tender, about 40 minutes. Add tomatoes and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound collard greens, chopped, 3 cups vegetable stock, 2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetarian Southernstyle Collard Greens, picturelink: pUCcu9pPrAracEclnvYBHifjCTC96K}, 27350: {instructions: Soak the sugar cube with the bitters and add the cube to a champagne flute. Add the cognac and then very slowly add the champagne, taking care not to let it foam over. As the foam rises to the top, you can reduce it by spraying lemon oils over the top of the drink with a classic lemon twist., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, 1 to 2 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, 12 ounce VSOP cognac, 4 12 ounces champagne, Lemon twist, for garnish], title: Suspended Gravity, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 27351: {instructions: In a bowl stir together the egg and buttermilk. In another bowl combine the grits, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and 14 teaspoon sea salt. Add the egg mixture to the grits mixture. Stir just until moist.nHeat the shortening to 375 degrees F. Drop the batter by tablespoons into the deep hot fat. Fry about 3 minutes or until golden brown, turning once.nDrain the hush puppies on paper towels and season with pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 beaten egg, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup grits, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon sea salt, Shortening or cooking oil for deepfat frying, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Hush Puppy Grits, picturelink: null}, 27352: {instructions: Put the chocolate and heavy cream in a small bowl set overnot insimmering water, and stir until the chocolate melts. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nPut half of the melted chocolate mixture into a blender along with the bananas, yogurt, milk and peanut butter. Blend until smooth and frothy, about 2 minutes.nDrizzle the remaining melted chocolate in the bottom and down the sides of two large glasses. Fill each glass with the smoothie and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 ounces heavy cream, 2 large bananas, peeled, chopped and frozen, 10 ounces Greek yogurt, 1 cup lowfat milk, 2 heaping tablespoons smooth peanut butter, such as Skippy], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Swirl Smoothie, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 27353: {instructions: Preheat grill. If using charcoal, bank the charcoal on 1 side of grill. If using a gas cooker, light only one half of the grill.nIn a large bowl, stir together the sugar, hops, malted barley, cumin, kosher salt, chili seasoning, pepper, celery salt, and smoked salt. Set aside.nIn large bowl whisk 1 bottle of lager beer with 2 tablespoons of the spice mixture and the olive oil. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, whisk together remaining bottle of lager beer and the barbecue sauce for a beer glaze.nFor bull horns, cut the skin and tendons around the base of the drumette. Push chicken meat up into a ball forming a lollypoplike shape. Wrap the ball of chicken meat with a strip of regular bacon. Secure the bacon to the drumette by skewering with a toothpick.nPlace the bull horns in the bowl of marinade and refrigerate for at least 1 hour up to overnight.nRemove bull horns from marinade. Sprinkle generously with the spice mixture. Place on the indirect unlit side of the grill and close the cover.nCook, turning occasionally, until chicken juices run clear and bacon is crispy, about 30 to 40 minutes.nSmother with the beer glaze, grill, turning often, to caramelize all over, about another 10 minutes.nNote: This recipe makes more spice mixture that youll need, but will keep for several months in a tightly sealed container in a cool, dry place. Leftover beer glaze will keep in the refrigerator up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 34 cup freshly ground hops, 14 cup freshly ground malted barley, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chili seasoning, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon hickory smoked salt, 2 12ounce bottles American lager beer, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 18ounce bottle your favorite barbecue sauce, 16 chicken wing drumettes, 16 strips thinly sliced bacon, 16 heavy duty toothpicks], title: BeerBQ Bull Horns, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 27354: {instructions: 1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Toss pears with the lemon juice and 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar. Melt butter in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Set aside to cool, then skim the white foam off the surface and discard. Spoon the melted butter into a bowl, leaving behind the solids at the bottom of the saucepan.n2. Heat 2 tablespoons of the reserved butter in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add pear mixture and cook until pears start to give off juices. Add cranberries, cover, and reduce heat to mediumlow. Cook until pears are crisptender, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in 2 tablespoons of the bread crumbs cool the mixture slightly.n3. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar with allspice and ginger in a small bowl. Cut a piece of parchment paper slightly longer than the phyllo sheets and lay it with a long edge parallel to you. Set the stack of phyllo sheets beside it and cover with a clean kitchen towel. Transfer one sheet of phyllo to the parchment with a long edge facing you. Brush with some reserved butter and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon each of the nuts and sugar mixture. Repeat with each remaining phyllo, replacing the towel as you work. Sprinkle remaining 2 tablespoons bread crumbs over top sheet of phyllo.n4. Spoon the pear mixture across the phyllo about 1 inch from the edge closest to you to make a mound, with a 2inch border at each end. Using the parchment to help you get started, roll the phyllo tightly over the filling to make a log, seamside down. Lift the parchment with the strudel onto a baking sheet.n5. Bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Transfer on the baking sheet to a rack to cool. Trim ends with a serrated knife. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve warm or at room temperature with creme fraiche or whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [3 Bosc pears about 112 pounds, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lemon juice, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 4 tablespoons plain dry bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 6 sheets phyllo dough, 2 tablespoons finely chopped toasted almonds, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Creme fraiche or whipped cream, for serving], title: PearCranberry Strudel, picturelink: null}, 27355: {instructions: Cook the onions and apples in the butter, until tender, then season with curry powder. In a food processor, coarsely chop the nuts with the chicken. Add the cooked onions and apples and the egg and process just until combined and almost pureed. The mixture should come together butnnot be pasty. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and freshly ground black pepper. Shape the mixture into 8 small patties. Dredge them lightly in flour and cook in butter for 3 minutes a side or until hot through.nServe over a green salad or with cabbage. Delicious topped with sour cream., ingredients: [12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 cup walnuts or pecans, 2 cups skinless cooked roasted chicken, cut into coarse pieces, 1 egg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 portions of cole slaw or green mesclun salad tossed with vinaigrette, Sour cream, optional, 12 cup each finely diced onions and Granny Smith apples], title: Chicken Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 27356: {instructions: Finely grind 14 cup dried porcini mushrooms in a spice grinder. Cook 8 slices chopped bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring, until almost crisp, about 10 minutes. Pour off most of the drippings add 12 finely chopped red onion, the ground mushrooms and the kernels from 2 ears of corn to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until the corn is tender, about 3 minutes stir in some chopped parsley.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [], title: BaconCorn Relish, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 27357: {instructions: Combine the garlic and ginger with about one1 tablespoon water in a small food processor and process to a paste. Set aside.nHeat 1 teaspoon oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, tomatoes, garlic and ginger paste, cinnamon, cardamom, cloves, cumin, coriander, turmeric and salt. Cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the chicken and stir. Cook 15 minutes uncovered, stirring occasionally. Cover and cook 5 minutes. Add the coconut milk and water. Cover and cook 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 12 teaspoons oil in a skillet over high heat until very hot. Add the mustards seeds be careful  theyll pop out the skillet, chiles and curry leaves. The oil should be hot enough so the curry leaves crackle and turn black right away. The chiles should also turn black. Cook no more than 3 minutes. Pour this mixture into the chicken. Simmer 5 minutes longer and serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 1 1 12inch piece ginger root, 2 12 teaspoons oil, divided, 2 onions, finely diced, 2 tomatoes chopped, 1 4inch cinnamon stick broken in 12, 6 cardamom pods, 10 whole cloves, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs cut in 2inch pieces, 12 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 4 to 5 dried red chiles, 15 to 20 curry leaves], title: Chicken Mangalorean, picturelink: null}, 27358: {instructions: In a heavyduty stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar, about 30 seconds. Mix in the lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, and 1 cup flour until combined. Add the remaining flour and mix on low speed just until the dough begins to come together. Move the dough onto a lightly floured surface and pull the dough together into a ball with your hands. Cover with plastic wrap refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and unwrap it. Roll the dough into an 8 by 8inch square, about 13inch thick. Cut the dough into 16 2inch squares and sprinkle them with salt.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and evenly space the little squares on the paper. Bake until light golden brown on the edges, 50 to 60 minutes. Allow to cool on the baking sheet. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoonsize pieces, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel, plus a pinch for sprinkling, 2 cups allpurpose flour], title: Shortbread with Salt, picturelink: xK47UjLOdy9n6nKE5VS0kdfdeVDkOi2}, 27359: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Quarter the chickens. Be careful to leave the breasts covered with skin. Be sure the oyster is left attached to the leg. Remove the thighbone and carefully cut off the drumsticks. Reserve until needed. In a large heavy bottomed stock pot, brown the bones and trimmings from the chickens with the chopped carrots and onions. Pour off the excess fat and moisten with the chicken or veal stock. Add the tomato paste and the bouquet garni. This produces an enriched stock for the sauce. Cook at a low simmer for 40 to 45 minutes, then strain and skim off any excess fat. Next gather all ingredients for the sauce, and measure out the wine and cognac. To assemble the dish, season the chicken with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan heat clarified butter and brown the chicken skin side down. When the chicken is browned, remove it from the pan and into a 375 degree oven. Remove excess fat from the pan, return the pan to the heat and saute the mushroom slices. After 2 minutes add the chopped shallots and saute for a couple of minutes longer. Remove the pan from the heat and add the Cognac. Return the pan to the heat and ignite the Cognac. When the flames have died down add the white wine. Reduce by half. Strain the reinforced stock and skim off any fat that has floated to the top. Add the stock to the mushroom mixture and continue reducing. Add the tomato concasse. When the sauce begins to thicken and coats the back of a spoon, swirl in the butter. Once the butter is incorporated and the chopped chervil and tarragon to taste. To assemble the dish, remove the chicken pieces from the oven. Remove the breastbone from the chicken breast. The advantage to removing the breastbone after cooking is that it helps the breast keep its shape and remain moist during cooking. Since breast tend to cook more quickly than thighs, removing the thighbone and leaving the breastbone intact during cooking ensures that the two are done at the same time. Place 1 piece of white meat and 1 piece of dark on a clean plate and cover with the sauce. Garnish with chopped chervil and tarragon and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 112 pound chickens, quartered, 1 12 ounces clarified butter for browning, Salt and pepper to taste, 10 12 cups brown veal stock or brown chicken stock, enriched with browned trimmings, 3 ounces carrots, medium chop, 3 ounces onions, medium chop, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 Bouquet Garni thyme, parsley stems, peppercorns, bay leaf, all wrapped in cheesecloth, 9 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 shallot, small dice, 2 ounces cognac, 2 ounces white wine, 20 ounces enriched stock, 1 tablespoon tomato concasse, 3 ounces unsalted butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chervil], title: Poulet Saute Chasseur, picturelink: null}, 27360: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or silicone baking sheets.nPut the flour, cornmeal, wheat germ, and cinnamon into a large bowl and whisk to combine. Add the eggs, carob chips, honey, and 1 tablespoon water. Use your hands to mix the ingredients together and form a smooth dough. If it feels too dry, add more water. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest 10 minutes. Can be made ahead and refrigerated, just let it warm up a bit before rolling.nDust your counter with some flour and roll the dough out until it is 14inch thick using more flour as needed so it doesnt stick. Cut into shapes using a dog bone shaped cookie cutter, or use a knife to make the same shape. You can reroll the scraps and cut out more cookies. Place on the prepared baking sheets and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until the cookies are well browned. Remove them to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups wholewheat flour, plus more for rolling, 12 cup cornmeal, 12 cup wheat germ, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 large eggs, 14 cup carob chips, 14 cup honey, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, as needed], title: HumanFriendly Dog Cookies, picturelink: 61S.1Oa.gSfOyRUCuUDQHpc.GyFVj2u}, 27361: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add the shallots and parsnips and cook until golden, shaking the pan, 2 minutes.nWhisk the apricot preserves, mustard, ginger and cumin in a bowl. Season the chicken with salt and pepper toss with the apricot glaze.nScatter the dried fruit in the skillet. Place the chicken, skinside up, on top. Add 14 cup water and bring to a boil. Cover and cook until heated through, 6 minutes. Uncover and transfer the skillet to the oven. Cook until the chicken and vegetables are tender and golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nPush the chicken to the side of the skillet, then stir the vinegar into the pan juices add up to 2 tablespoons water if the sauce is too thick. Serve from the skillet.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 medium shallots, 4 mediumlarge parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 13 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 8 medium skinon, bonein chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup pitted prunes, roughly chopped, 12 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: Glazed Chicken with Dried Fruit and Parsnips, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 27362: {instructions: Grease an 11 by 7inch glass baking dish with the butter and set aside.nPosition 1 oven rack in the middle position and 1 in the top position and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the cauliflower in a small glass bowl, stalk end up. Use a paring knife to remove the lower leaves. Trim the curds off of the stem, keeping them as intact as possible. Try to keep the size uniformly large and make as few cuts as possible. Discard the leaves and stem. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 4 minutes. Rest, still covered in plastic, for another 4 minutes. Uncover and rest for 4 to 5 more minutes while preparing the rest of the dish.nCombine 4 ounces of the cheese, the bread crumbs, egg, salt, mustard, paprika, black pepper, and cayenne in a large mixing bowl. When 1 minute remains on the cauliflower rest period, microwave the cream on high for 30 seconds. Add the cream to the bowl with the cheese mixture and stir to combine.nUsing your hands and a tea towel if the cauliflower is still hot, rub the large florets between your hands to break up the curds. Add the curds to the cream mixture and stir until the cheese is thoroughly melted and combined.nSpread the cauliflower mixture in the prepared baking dish, place on the middle rack, and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the baking dish and turn the broiler to high. Sprinkle the remaining 12 ounce cheese atop the cauliflower. Place on the top rack and broil until the top is bubbly and appropriately brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large head cauliflower about 2 pounds, 4 12 ounces Cheddar, grated and divided, 12 cup homemade coarse bread crumbs, 1 whole egg, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Cauliflower Say Cheese, picturelink: null}, 27363: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Pour 4 ounces of mix on grill. Grill on each side to your liking. Top each pancake with some pecans. Mix syrup with some pecans and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 18 cup baking powder, 2 cans evaporated milk, 10 eggs, 12 tablespoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 1 pound butter, Pecans enough to put some in each pancake and atop and in syrup, Maple syrup], title: Pecan Topped Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 27364: {instructions: Toss salad with vinaigrette, sprinkle with toasted walnuts., ingredients: [1 12 pounds mixed greens, 1 cup toasted walnuts, 1 cup vinaigrette], title: Green Salad with Toasted Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 27365: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn foil lined baking pan, place serranos and spray lightly with oil. Heat for 30 to 45 minutes or until serranos are slightly browned. Allow to cool then chop and set aside.nForm several 8 to 12ounce patties with ground angus beef. Grill to taste or temperature.nCombine cilantro and mayonnaise.nWhen burgers are almost done, top with chopped roasted serranos then the cheese.nRemove from grill when cheese is melted.nPlace burger on bottom bun and cilantro mayonnaise on top bun., ingredients: [15 to 20 serrano peppers, stemmed, 5 to 6 pounds ground angus beef, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, 4 to 6 slices jalapeno pepper jack cheese, 4 to 6 hamburger buns], title: Casino El Camino  Amarillo Burger, picturelink: KD3IaNB.poQoU.mFEJZJ27aK3Lfki}, 27366: {instructions: Rub the fillets with kosher salt and set aside. In a nonreactive bowl, combine the onion, lime juice, orange juice, jalapeno, sugar and tequila. Mix to dissolve the sugar, and add the fillets to the bowl. Marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours, turning the fillets once after 1 hour. Remove the fillets from the marinade and set it aside. Pat the fillets dry with paper towels and lightly coat with the olive oil.nHeat a grill to high and place the fillets over direct heat until they are just cooked through  opaque at the center but still moist, approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the fish is grilling, transfer the reserved marinade to a saucepan and heat until it is reduced to about 34 cup. Using tongs, remove the fillets to serving plates and divide sauce equally among them. Top with the cilantro., ingredients: [4 skinless mahimahi fillets, approximately 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup diced red onion, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 14 cup dark brown sugar, packed, 14 cup tequila, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Grilled MahiMahi, CevicheStyle, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 27367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350. Mix the meat, tortilla chips, egg, chopped cilantro, 14 cup scallions, minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chili power, 1 teaspoon cumin, and salt to taste in a bowl. Roll into 16 small meatballs.nHeat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the meatballs and lightly brown, turning as needed, about 5 minutes. Add the smashed garlic and the remaining 2 teaspoons chili powder and 1 teaspoon cumin cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, cilantro sprigs and 1 12 cups water and season with salt. Bring to a simmer, then cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the sauce thickens and the meatballs are tender, about 15 minutes.nAbout 5 minutes before the meatballs are done, toast the rolls in the oven. Place 2 roll halves in each of 4 shallow bowls and top with 4 meatballs. Drizzle with sauce, then pour the remaining sauce into the bowls. Top with avocado, cheese andor scallions, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound meatloaf mix ground beef, pork and veal, 14 cup finely crushed tortilla chips, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus 3 sprigs, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, plus more for garnish optional, 3 cloves garlic 1 minced, 2 smashed, 3 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups canned fireroasted diced tomatoes, 4 crusty sub rolls, halved and split open, Diced avocado and crumbled Mexican cheese, for garnish optional], title: Mexican Meatball Subs, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 27368: {instructions: Bring the sugar and 12 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat, and stir in the cilantro. Let cool, then transfer the syrup to a 3quart pitcher.nAdd the wine, liqueur, lemon soda and soda water to the pitcher, and stir to combine. Add the lemons, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 glasses halfway with ice, then pour the sangria and lemons into each glass., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, One 750milliliter bottle Pinot Grigio or other crisp white wine, 12 cup lemonflavored liqueur, such as limoncello, Two 11.5ounce cans lemon soda, such as San Pellegrino Limonata, 12 cup soda water, 2 lemons, thinly sliced], title: LemonCilantro Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 27369: {instructions: In an airtight plastic bag, combine the first 8 ingredients. Add chicken to marinade and turn to coat. Seal and refrigerate 2 to 3 hours.nHeat grill to mediumhigh.nGrill chicken or broil about 6 inches from heat for 5 minutes on each side transfer into pan with HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde. Cover, grill and cook 5 minutes or until it reaches an internal temperature of 165.nTransfer to plate and sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 1 small garlic clove, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces HERDEZu00ae Guacamole Salsa, 4 4 ounce chicken breasts, 8 ounces HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde, 6 ounces queso fresco, crumbled], title: Grilled Verde Chicken, picturelink: E.wZXixWa2JgeH1QJmFx.3oRkbj0xe}, 27370: {instructions: Saute onions, poblanos, celery, bell peppers, and garlic until translucent. Add meat and saute together. Mix together chili powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper and add to meat and vegetable mixture. Add diced tomatoes, kidney beans, and black beans. Add tomatovegetable juice. Let simmer for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [4 cups diced onions, 1 roasted poblano, seeded and diced, 12 cup diced celery, 2 cups diced bell peppers, 12 cup minced garlic, 2 12 pounds ground Bison, 9 ounces dark chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 10pound can diced tomatoes, 1 5pound can kidney beans, 1 5pound can black beans, 24 ounces tomatovegetable juice], title: Bison Chili, picturelink: null}, 27371: {instructions: Heat 3 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until golden brown.nIn a medium saucepan heat remaining butter and oil over medium heat, add the onions and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter and oil. Add 6 cups of the stock, 1 teaspoon of salt and the porcini powder, bring to a boil, cover, lower the heat and cook until all the liquid is absorbed. Fold in the mushroom mixture, more stock, if needed, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook to heat through, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, 2 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, 12 pound oyster mushrooms, stems removed and caps cut 14inch thick, Salt and pepper for seasoning, plus 1 teaspoon salt, 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cups converted rice, 7 cups chicken stock, 14 cup porcini mushroom powder], title: Wild Mushroom Rice, picturelink: bpQBFfOmEJPKihjG5zcNBJK1Jxm74AC}, 27372: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk the ingredients until well combined. Use as dry rub for pork, brisket, or seafood., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon ginger powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry mustard recommended: Colemans], title: Pork, Brisket, or Seafood Dry Rub, picturelink: a527IqF4WDHBRE2TPBHF4HA5KYOWHS}, 27373: {instructions: In a medium pitcher, make the sangria mixer by adding the apple slices and lemon juice to the pitcher and stir. Add in the orange juice, orange sections, the cranberrygrape frozen concentrate and the cinnamon. Let the mixture sit for an hour up to 12 hours to allow flavors to meld. Just before serving, add the seltzer to the pitcher. Serve in glasses filled with ice.nOptional: replace half the seltzer water with a dry white wine., ingredients: [1 apple, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 1 orange, sectioned, 34 cup cranberrygrape juice frozen concentrate, thawed, Tiny pinch of ground cinnamon, 3 cups seltzer water or half seltzer and half white wine], title: NonAlcoholic Sangria, picturelink: 4rpkgVNaNnnbg3bQxfOfKjoaIb5ZSG}, 27374: {instructions: Mix the apricots, honey, and jalapenos together. For the last 5 minutes of roasting turkey or ribs, pour a generous amount of the apricot glaze, or Jazz Apricot, over the entire turkey., ingredients: [1 15 14ounce can apricots, drained and finely chopped, 12 cup honey, 14 cup seeded and finely chopped jalapenos, Jazz apricot can be substituted for the apricots, honey, and jalapenos], title: Jazzy Glaze, picturelink: null}, 27375: {instructions: In a small non reactive bowl combine all ingredients except radicchio. Whisk until emulsion is formed and reserve at room temperature.nPlace quartered radicchio onto a hot grill or grill pan. Cook on each side for approximately 2 minutes per side. You are looking to achieve slightly wilted edges.nRemove from the grill and place onto a plate. Cover with a stainless steel bowl and allow steam to continue cooking radicchio for 5 minutes.nDrizzle vinaigrette over radicchio wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons bacon drippings, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon prepared mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 heads radicchio, quartered], title: Bacon Vinaigrette with Grilled Radicchio, picturelink: null}, 27376: {instructions: Simmer the asparagus until just cooked through. Rinse them under cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain, pat dry and cut the spears, on the diagonal, into 1inch long pieces set aside.nMake a dressing of olive oil, vinegar, mustard and garlic and season to taste with salt and pepper. Combine the asparagus and mozzarella and lightly dress with half of the dressing.nAlternate rounds of tomato and salami on the outside of each dinner plate center asparagus and mozzarella mixture in the middle drizzle remaining dressing over the tomatoes and salami. Garnish asparagus and mozzarella with roasted peppers., ingredients: [1 pound medium size asparagus, stalks peeled, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard and minced garlic to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into sticks, about 14 inch wide and 1 inch long., 2 vineripened tomatoes, very thinly sliced, 4 ounces wafer thin slices rounds of salami, 14 cup slivered roasted red bell pepper from the jar], title: Asparagus and Mozzarella Salad, picturelink: null}, 27377: {instructions: Serving suggestion: Baby greens, extra grapes, raisins and walnuts for garnishnCoat the chopped apple with the lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the chicken, grapes, celery, raisins and walnuts, and gently combine.nIn a small bowl, combine the yogurt, mayonnaise, orange juice and salt. Gently fold the dressing into the salad. Serve on a bed of greens., ingredients: [1 medium apple, unpeeled, chopped, Juice of 1 lemon about 2 tablespoons, 2 cups diced cooked chicken about 1 large breast, 1 cup red seedless grapes, halved, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 14 cup golden raisins, 12 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup yogurt preferably Greek nonfat, 14 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 12 orange about 14 cup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Chicken Waldorf Salad, picturelink: 2KLXAGV5H5BVwOAIpARB7ub9WmG5im}, 27378: {instructions: Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high speed for about 5 minutes, or until very thick and light yellow. Lower the speed to medium and add 14 cup rum, 14 cup espresso, and the mascarpone. Whisk until smooth.nCombine the remaining 14 cup rum and 1 14 cups espresso in a shallow bowl. Dip 1 side of each ladyfinger in the espressorum mixture and line the bottom of a 9 by 12 by 2inch dish. Pour half the espresso cream mixture evenly on top. Dip 1 side of the remaining ladyfingers in the espressorum mixture and place them in a second layer in the dish. Pour the rest of the espresso cream over the top. Smooth the top and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.nBefore serving, sprinkle the top with shaved chocolate and dust lightly with confectioners sugar, if desired.nNotes: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use enough water for 4 cups of coffee plus 13 cup of ground espresso.nYou can find savoiardi and mascarpone in an Italian specialty store., ingredients: [6 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup good dark rum, divided, 1 12 cups brewed espresso, divided, 16 to 17 ounces mascarpone cheese, 30 Italian ladyfingers, or savoiardi, Bittersweet chocolate, shaved or grated, Confectioners sugar, optional], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 27379: {instructions: Special equipment: four 9inch cake pansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray four 9inch cake pans with nonstick cooking spray.nThis cake batter will be made in two batches. You will color the first batch red and the second batch blue.nTo make the first batter, sift the flour three times, then measure 2 12 cups. Combine the sifted flour with the cocoa and salt in a bowl. Set aside.nIn another bowl, stir together the buttermilk and vanilla.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar, shortening and eggs. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with the buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture.nIn a small bowl, stir together the baking soda, vinegar and red food coloring. Feast your eyes on the colorful chemical reaction Fold the food coloring mixture into the cake batter. Pour the batter into two of the prepared cake pans.nMake the second batter in the same manner, using the blue food coloring. Pour the blue batter into the remaining two prepared pans.nBake all four pans until a toothpick comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans on wire racks for 10 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and let cool completely wire racks.nUsing a serrated knife, level the top of each cake layer. Place one layer on a serving plate spread Boiled Icing over the top. Continue stacking and icing until you have used all of the layers. Cover the outside of the cake with Boiled Icing.nCook the milk and flour in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until it reaches the pudding stage the consistency of glue, no longer than 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to lukewarm. Strain to remove any clumps of flour.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar, butter, shortening, vanilla and salt on medium speed until nice and fluffy. One teaspoon at a time, add the pudding mixture. Beat on high speed for 2 to 3 minutes. Voila Oldfashioned boiled icing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour x2, 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder x2, 12 teaspoon fine salt x2, 1 cup buttermilk x2, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract x2, 1 12 cups sugar x2, 12 cup vegetable shortening x2, 2 large eggs x2, 1 teaspoon baking soda x2, 1 teaspoon white vinegar x2, 2 ounces red food coloring, plus 2 ounces blue food coloring, Boiled Icing, recipe follows, 34 cup milk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine salt], title: Red and Blue Velvet Cake, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 27380: {instructions: For the giblet stock: Heat the oil in a 6 12quart stockpot over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the neck and backbone and saute 5 to 6 minutes or until browned. Add the giblets, onion, carrot, celery and kosher salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour in the water and add the thyme, rosemary, bay leaf and black peppercorns.nCover and bring to a boil over high heat. Uncover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 12 hours or until the stock reduces to 3 cups.nStrain the stock through a fine mesh strainer and cool slightly. Discard all solids but the giblets. Chop the giblets and set aside.nFor the giblet gravy: Place 2 cups of the giblet stock in a 4quart saucier over medium heat.nCombine 12 cup of cool stock with the allpurpose flour in a jar with a tightly fitted lid. Shake vigorously until starch dissolves and no lumps remain.nGradually add the flour slurry to stock, whisking constantly. Bring to a boil and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until thickened slightly.nCombine the remaining 12 cup of cool stock with the potato starch in the lidded jar and shake vigorously until the starch dissolves and no lumps remain.nTurn off the heat, remove the saucier from the burner and whisk until the liquid temperature decreases to 190 degrees F. Return to low heat and whisk in the potato starch slurry, rosemary, sage, thyme, salt and pepper. Simmer for about 5 minutes to heat through and thicken, then season with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Add the chopped giblets and stir to combine. Keep warm in a thermos until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 turkey neck, reserved from turkey and cut in half, 1 turkey backbone, reserved from turkey and cut in half, 1 set giblets, reserved from turkey, 1 small onion, quartered, 1 medium carrot, quartered, 1 stalk celery, quartered, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups water, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon potato starch, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh sage, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Giblet Gravy, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 27381: {instructions: In a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14 cup of warm water.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Pour in 2 tablespoons of the oil, and when absorbed, scrape in the dissolved yeast. Add the remaining 12 cup of water and knead on low speed about 5 minutes.nTurn out onto a board and knead 2 or 3 minutes longer. Dough should be smooth and firm. Let rise in a warm spot, covered with a damp towel, about 30 minutes. Dough will stretch when lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover with a damp towel and let rest 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be loosely covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated for 1 to 2 days.nPreheat the oven to 525 degrees F. Place a pizza stone in the oven.nTo prepare each pizza, place a ball of dough on a lightly floured surface. Press down on the center, spreading the dough or roll into a 7 or 8inch circle, with the outer border a little thicker than the inner circle. Brush lightly with oil and arrange the topping of your choice only over the inner circle.nArrange the pizza on the baking stone and bake at 610 degrees for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until the pizza is nicely browned. Transfer to a firm surface and cut into slices with a pizza cutter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey or sugar, 34 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Tomato sauce and cheese, Cheese, tomatoes, olives, Salmon, sour cream mixed with chopped dill, Cheese, chili oil, pesto], title: Wolfgang Pucks Recipe for Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 27382: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a small saucepan and cook over very low heat for 10 minutes, until the sugar is dissolved. Add the strawberries and continue to cook over very low heat for 20 minutes, until the strawberries release some of their juices and the mixture boils slowly. Cook until a small amount of the juice gels on a very cold plate. I keep one in the freezer. Pour carefully into 2 pint canning jars and either seal or keep refrigerated. Use immediately, or follow proper canning guidelines below.nSterilizing Tips:nJars should be made from glass and free of any chips or cracks. Preserving or canning jars are topped with a glass, plastic, or metal lid, which has a rubber seal. Two piece lids are best for canning, as they vacuum seal when processed.nTo sterilize jars, before filling with jams, pickles, or preserves, wash jars and lids with hot, soapy water. Rinse well and arrange jars and lids open sides up, without touching, on a tray. Leave in a preheated 175 degree F oven for 25 minutes. Or, boil the jars and lids in a large saucepan, covered with water, for 15 minutes.nUse tongs when handling the hot sterilized jars, to move them from either boiling water or the oven. Be sure the tongs are sterilized too, by dipping the ends in boiling water for a few minutes.nAs a rule, hot preserves go into hot jars and cold preserves go into cold jars. All items used in the process of making jams, jellies, and preserves must be clean. This includes any towels used, and especially your hands.nAfter the jars are sterilized, you can preserve the food. It is important to follow any canning and processing instructions included in the recipe and refer to USDA guidelines about the sterilization of canned products., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced, 1 12 pints fresh strawberries, hulled and halved], title: Fresh Strawberry Jam, picturelink: dom5MHLCWqziZxNVX7ETCiWiy0cko8S}, 27383: {instructions: Muddle 4 cucumber slices in a metal cocktail shaker. Add the gin, agave syrup, lime juice and beet horseradish to the shaker. Top with ice and the shaker top. Shake vigorously. Strain over a large ice cube in a cocktail glass. Garnish with pinch of Cypress sea salt on the ice cube and slices of cucumber against the inside of the glass. Serve with the raw oyster., ingredients: [6 to 8 thinly sliced cucumbers, 2 ounces gin recommended: Hendricks, 34 ounce agave syrup, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 heaping bar spoon beet horseradish, Ice, for shaking, 1 large ice cube, for serving, Pinch Cypress sea salt, for garnish, 1 shucked raw oyster], title: Breeders Cup, picturelink: null}, 27384: {instructions: Prepare the shrimp: Mix the basil, cheese and garlic in a bowl. Slice down the back of each shrimp and remove the vein fill the cut with 12 teaspoon of the basil mixture. Wrap each shrimp with 12 slice bacon and secure with a toothpick, or tuck the loose end of the bacon under.nBuild a fire wood or charcoal and wood for indirect cooking by situating the coals on one side of the grill. When the temperature reaches 400 degrees F, place the shrimp on the grill away from the coals. Close the lid and cook until the bacon is crisp and the shrimp is cooked through, about 14 minutes. Drain on a papertowellined platter.nMix all the sauce ingredients in a bowl. Dip each shrimp in the sauce and return to the grill away from the coals. Close the lid and allow the sauce to caramelize, about 3 minutes. Serve hot.nPhotograph By Mark Peterson, ingredients: [30 fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 30 large shrimp, peeled, tails intact, 15 thin bacon slices, cut in half, 1 14 cups barbecue sauce, bottled or homemade, 14 cup applesauce, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Barbecue BaconWrapped Shrimp, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 27385: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the zucchini and cook for about 15 minutes. I do not cook the zucchini with the risotto, as it would get too soft by sauteing it on a higher flame Im able to achieve a different texture, and I like it much better when added to the rice. Remove the zucchini to a plate and reserve. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a second large skillet over mediumhigh heat until the butter is melted and foamy. Add the shallots and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, to toast it. Stir in 1 cup wine, reduce the heat to a mediumlow simmer and let the alcohol evaporate for about 3 minutes. Stir the rice constantly do not get distracted and let it become dry. As the liquid gets absorbed, begin adding the vegetable broth, one ladle at a time.nMeanwhile, as your risotto is cooking and while you are stirring, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet. When the butter is melted, add the shrimp and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add about threequarters of the parsley and remaining 14 cup wine. Cook over medium heat for about 3 minutes, and when the shrimp turn bright pink remove from the heat and set aside. Do not discard the juice.nOnce the risotto has cooked for 20 to 25 minutes, and as your vegetable broth is almost finished, start tasting the rice and feel its consistency. If it needs more time on the stove, you can ladle in some warm water to keep it going a few minutes more. Stir in a couple tablespoons of cheese, if using. Italians do not like to see cheese and fish together, so I use Parmesan almost as a seasoning while I cook the rice.nIf youve done everything right, this is the moment to stir in the already browned zucchini and the cooked shrimp the sauce from the shrimp will help the risotto gain the final 5 minutes of cooking time without the need of any additional water.nLadle the risotto into serving bowls. Sprinkle with the remaining parsley and drizzle with olive oil.nWine suggestion for this recipe: Pinot Grigio, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 5 small zucchini, cubed, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 8 ounces acquello rice, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 4 cups vegetable broth, heated, 12 ounces fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 handful fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, optional], title: Shrimp and Zucchini Risotto, picturelink: null}, 27386: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a hot casserole coated with olive oil, brown onions, garlic and season. Add chiles, mushrooms and season. Deglaze with wine, add tomatoes and herbs and bring to a simmer for 1 hour, cover ajar. Occasionally stir and verify flavor. Take 1 12 cups of sauce and blend very smooth in a blender and lift with 14 cup olive oil. Reserve hot in a water bath. With remaining sauce, let come to room temperature then mix with turkey sausage and peppers. In a sprayed 9 by 13inch lasagne dish, ladle some sauce then cover with noodles. Repeat twice finishing with sauce. Sprinkle with cheese and bake in oven for 1 hour. Should be schreeching hot. Broil if necessary to brown. Let rest 8 minutes before cutting.nPLATING Sauce plate with pureed sauce and place a square slice on top. Garnish with yellow peppers., ingredients: [4 red onions, sliced, 24 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 tablespoons minced dry Thai bird chiles, 4 cups sliced button mushrooms, 2 cup red wine, 4 16ounce cans whole roma tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons herbes de Provence, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil plus extra for cooking, 1 16ounce can roasted peppers stored in olive oil, drained, rinsed and julienne, 1 pound turkey sausage, out of casing, broken up, 1 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 1 pound lasagne noodles, blanched and refreshed, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 yellow pepper brunoise, for garnish], title: Turkey Sausage and Roasted Pepper Lasagne with Spicy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27387: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 11inch oval baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the broth and cranberries in a small bowl and let soak for 30 minutes.nSaute the celery and onions in the butter in a large skillet until tender, 5 minutes. Add the apples and cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl.nPlace the baguette cubes into a large bowl. Pour the broth and cranberries over. Pour in the eggs, and then add the salt, poultry seasoning, pepper, cinnamon and sage and mix together.nMix in the onion and celery mixture. Spoon the stuffing into the prepared dish and bake until the center is set, 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, hot, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup chopped celery about 7 ribs, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and finely chopped, 6 cups dayold whole grain baguette, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 large eggs, scrambled, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 dried sage leaf, chopped], title: Bobbys Whole Grain Apple Cranberry Stuffing, picturelink: LzVDcPq8Q2wI59ig6XjjFDdlGKPBw6a}, 27388: {instructions: Heat the canola oil over medium heat in a large saute pan. Season the pheasant with salt and pepper and coat with the softened butter. Brown all sides of the pheasant until golden brown and remove to a utility platter. To the same pan, add the onion and garlic and saute until the onion becomes translucent. Deglaze the pan with the Marsala wine and add bay leaves and parsley. Lower the heat and return the pheasant to the pan. Wash and dry the utility platter and keep handy for the cooked pheasant. Cover and simmer until the pheasant is tender and juices in the thigh run clear when pierced, about 35 minutes. Remove the pheasant to the utility platter and allow to rest until cool enough to handle.nStrain the braising juices into another pot and skin off any excess fat. Add balsamic vinegar and brown sauce and cook over medium heat until thickened.nPull pheasant meat from the bones and cut into 1inch pieces, discarding bones. Remove sauce from heat. In a bowl fold pheasant meat with enough sauce to coat. Do not feel obligated to use all of the sauce. The mixture should not be soupy.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out the pastry dough and, using an appropriately sized cereal bowl or small mixing bowl as a template, cut 4 rounds 8inches in diameter.nSpoon the pheasant mixture evenly into 4 individual ovenproof 6inch bowls onion soup bowls are ideal for this, and brush the edges of the bowls with egg. Top each with a circle of pastry, draping the crust over the rim. Brush the tops of the pastry with the egg wash and bake until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 2 to 3 pound pheasant, Salt and black pepper, 12 cup 1 stick or 8 tablespoons softened butter, 1 large red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, 1 cup Marsala wine, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup brown sauce, 4 sheets puff pastry dough these are often sold in 17 or 18ounce packages containing, 2 9 or 10 inch square sheets puff pastry, 2 eggs, beaten], title: Pheasant Colette En Croute, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 27389: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium size pan over medium heat. Add the butter. Once melted add the shallot, 1 clove of garlic and red pepper. Lightly saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nIn a medium bowl, mix together mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, lemon zest, crab boil seasoning, fresh parsley, 12 cup of the panko and egg. Mix in cooked vegetables, hot sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add crabmeat and stir well.nForm crab cakes using about 2 tablespoons of crab mixture for each cake.. Flatten until theyre about 34 inches high. Dip the cakes into the remaining panko.nAdd oil to a large skillet over high heat. Add crab cakes and saute, flipping once, until golden brown and crisp, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Serve with Lemon Aioli.nIn a medium bowl, mix all the ingredients together., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped fine, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup finely chopped red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup plain panko bread crumbs, 1 large egg, Hot sauce, to taste, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over to remove cartilage and shell fragments, 12 cup peanut oil, Lemon Aioli, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Crab Cakes with Lemon Aioli Sauce, picturelink: rQTBpYyKdJ98eH8aYZmR.mNQJvqBqCK}, 27390: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook as the label directs.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pat the shrimp and scallops dry, then season with salt and pepper. Add 1 12 tablespoons butter to the pan and cook the shrimp until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Turn the shrimp and add half of the garlic cook until the garlic is fragrant but the shrimp are still translucent, 1 to 2 more minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a plate.nAdd the scallops to the skillet and cook until golden on one side, about 3 minutes. Turn the scallops, add the remaining garlic and cook 1 to 2 more minutes. Add the lemon juice and wine and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Cook until the sauce is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Return the shrimp to the pan, then add the basil and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter season with salt and pepper.nDrain the pasta and transfer to a large serving bowl. Toss with the shrimp, scallops and sauce garnish with parsley and lemon.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound linguine, 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 large sea scallops, tough foot muscles removed, Freshly ground pepper, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, plus lemon wedges for garnish, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup torn fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Shrimp and Scallop Scampi with Linguine, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 27391: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery seeds and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion softens, about 3 minutes. Add 13 cup flour, the Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce cook, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and 2 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon olive oil on a baking sheet season with salt and pepper. Bake until golden and crisp, about 7 minutes set aside.nPuree the soup in a blender until smooth. Return to the pot and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 5 minutes. Toss the cheddar, provolone and the remaining 2 tablespoons flour in a bowl slowly whisk the cheese mixture into the soup until melted. Return to the blender and puree until smooth. Pour back into the pot and bring to a low boil remove from the heat.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes. Stir in the pepperoncini and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls top with the beef, croutons and more parsley.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 soft hoagie rolls, cut into 12inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces cheddar cheese, shredded, 8 ounces provolone cheese, shredded, 1 pound shaved beef steak or roast beef, 14 cup jarred sliced pepperoncini, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping], title: Cheesesteak Soup, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 27392: {instructions: Trim the fat of the flank steak and cut into thin pieces against the grain. Marinate the meat for 1 hour in a mix of egg, cornstarch, and 2 tablespoons oil.nIn large wok, cook the rice noodles in 2 inches of hot oil for just a few seconds, or until they puff up. Drain the noodles and set to the side. Heat up the wok again with 3 cups of oil to 350 degrees F and add the cut up flank steak. Stir for 3 to 4 minutes, and then remove from the heat and drain well.nHeat the wok up again and add 2 teaspoons oil, ground garlic, all the cut up scallions, and the marinated beef. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Now add the sugar, black pepper, and soy sauce and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and serve over the rice noodles., ingredients: [One 16ounce flank steak, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 3 cups plus 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 5 ounces cooked rice noodles, 1 tablespoon ground garlic, 34 cup 34inch long scallion slices, green and white parts, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 teaspoons soy sauce], title: Mongolian Beef, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 27393: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the fish until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, cookedside up, and roast in the oven until just cooked through, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cauliflower and cook, stirring, until golden brown and crisptender, about 6 minutes. Add the almonds, raisins, coriander, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste cook until the almonds are golden, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and parsley.nDivide the fish among plates and serve with the cauliflower and lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 6ounce skinless mahi mahi fillets about 34 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 head cauliflower, florets cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup sliced almonds, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Mahi Mahi With Cauliflower, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 27394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large round tipnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the butter, salt and 1 cup water to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Add the flour and stir for about 1 minute. The mixture will immediately form a sticky ball.nTransfer the mixture to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix on mediumlow until there is no longer steam. Lower the mixer speed to low, and add the eggs one at a time. The dough will be done once it clings to the paddle in spokes as it spins in the bowl.nFold in the manchego and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Dab the dough into 4 corners on a baking sheet and place parchment paper on top to stick it in place. Pipe 1 12inchwide rounds on the prepared baking sheet 2inches apart, then sprinkle a little manchego on top of each. Bake for 15 minutes, then rotate the pan and lower the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake until deep golden brown, an additional 15 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, combine the mayo and chipotle and set aside. Cut the Muenster to fit the sliders with a 2 12inch round cutter. Divide the chorizo and form into 12 patties, then cook on a griddle or in a medium skillet in 2 batches over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook another minute, then top each with a round of the Muenster and continue cooking until the cheese is melted.nCook the quail eggs in a buttered nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until sunnyside up, 1 to 2 minutes.nTo assemble, split the gougeres. Top each of the bottoms with a chorizo patty, followed by an egg, followed by a pinch of micro greens. Smear a little chipotle aioli on the top halves and place on place on top of the sliders. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup butter, plus more for frying eggs, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 extralarge eggs, 1 cup shredded manchego cheese, plus additional for sprinkling, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 tablespoon canned chipotle in adobo, finely chopped, 12 slices Muenster cheese, 1 pound fresh bulk chorizo, 1 dozen quail eggs, Micro greens, for serving, optional], title: PateaChoux Breakfast Sliders, picturelink: 7YA6vKggiajCSvVUb8Q61mW0Q9sFWVO}, 27395: {instructions: Stir the picante sauce, cumin, oregano, chicken, cheese and onions in a medium bowl.nPlace about 12 cup of the chicken mixture in the center of each tortilla. Fold the opposite sides over the filling. Roll up from the bottom and place seamside down on a baking sheet. Brush with butter.nBake at 400 degrees F for 25 minutes or until theyre golden brown. Serve with additional picante sauce. Garnish with cilantro.nTip: For 1 12 cups chopped chicken, in a 2quart saucepan over medium heat, in 4 cups boiling water, cook 34 pound boneless chicken breasts or thighs, cubed, for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Drain and chop the chicken., ingredients: [23 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, crushed, 1 12 cups chopped cooked chicken, 4 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese about 1 cup, 2 green onions, chopped about 14 cup, 6 8inch flour tortillas, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Fresh cilantro leaves], title: OvenFried Chicken Chimichangas, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 27396: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the fish with the onion, lime juice, and chile season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine, being sure to coat the fish with the lime juice. Cover and refrigerate for 30 to 45 minutes, do not marinate longer or the acids from the lime will make the fish mushy. Serve cold with cilantro and canchita on top. .nHeat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes. Add the chulpe corn, cover the pot and reduce the heat to medium. Once you hear the kernels pop like popcorn, shake the pot vigorously to prevent the kernels on the bottom from burning. Once the popping slows, after about 6 to 8 minutes, drain the canchita on a platter lined with paper towels to remove excess oil. Season with salt while the corn is still warm and serve with ceviche., ingredients: [1 pound yellowtail snapper or sea bass fillets, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 medium red onion, very thinly sliced, 3 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon seeded and finely chopped jarred aji amarillo peppers or fresh habanero, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, for garnish, Canchita, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for frying about 2 cups, 1 to 2 cups canchita corn also known as chulpe, Salt], title: Simple Ceviche, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 27397: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and serve over ice., ingredients: [6 oz. lime juice, 12 oz. simple syrup, 18 oz. rum, 24 oz. water, Grated nutmeg, A few dashes of Angostura bitters], title: Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 27398: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.n3. Using buttered spatula or wax paper, evenly press mixture into 15 x 10 x 1inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool. Cut into twelve triangles.n4. Push two pretzel stick pieces into top of each tipi. Decorate with frosting and candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 through 4 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows, OR, 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups, strong, em, Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae, em, strong, cereal, Kelloggsu00ae Cocoa Krispiesu00ae, Canned frosting or decorating gel, Food coloring, Assorted candies, 12 small pretzel sticks, broke in half], title: Great Plains Tipi Treatsandtrade, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 27399: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 10inch bamboo skewers, soaked in cold water 30 minutesnPreheat grill. Place scallops in large bowl Whisk together lime juice and olive oil in small bowl. Drizzle 3 tablespoons limeoil mixture over scallops and let marinate 5 minutes. Combine rest of limeoil mixture with mayonnaise. Place jicama in a medium bowl and pour dressing over season with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nThread 67 scallops on one skewer then take another skewer and insert it into scallop skewer about 12inch away from and parallel to the first one. Repeat with remaining scallops to form 4 skewers. Season skewers with remaining salt and pepper and place on the hot grill. Grill 1 minute on first side then flip over and grill 1 minute on other side, or until just opaque in center. Remove from grill. Mix cilantro into jicama and divide it between four plates. Garnish each plate with tomato slices, diced avocado and one scallop skewer Serve., ingredients: [About 30 large scallops, 13 cup lime juice, 12 cup olive oil, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshlyground black pepper, 1 large or 2 small jicama, peeled and shredded, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves picked and chopped coarsely, 2 Italian Roma tomatoes, cut crosswise 14inch thick, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and diced], title: Grilled Scallop Skewers on Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 27400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPeel, core, and cut the apples into 34inch chunks. In a medium bowl, whisk the cornstarch, vanilla extract, apple juice concentrate and brown sugar together. Add the apples and raisins and toss. Transfer to a 2quart baking dish. Cover the dish with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake for 20 minutes more, stirring occasionally for even cooking. The mixture is done when the apples are just tender and the filling is clear and thickened. Set aside to cool a bit. Scoop warm filling into the ice cream cones and serve, topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [8 large baking apples recommended: Granny Smith, Golden Delicious, or Northern Spy, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 34 cup apple juice concentrate, thawed, 14 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup dark or golden raisins, 8 ice cream sugar cones, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Apple Pie Cones, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 27401: {instructions: Place the filet mignon in the bowl of a food processor and pulse just until ground. Transfer to a chilled bowl. Mix in the onions, capers, parsley, Dijon, oil, Worcestershire, hot sauce and egg. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately with grilled country bread.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.n Warning: Consumption of raw or undercooked meat may substantially increase the risk of foodborne illness., ingredients: [2 pounds filet mignon, diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 large egg yolk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grilled country bread, for serving], title: Steak Tartare, picturelink: IwJrvdNO2dRGTG0qjCX7PmJcqqVsm}, 27402: {instructions: Take 3 bunches of baby beets, washed well with tops. Cut off the tops, and place the beets in a roasting pan, toss with olive oil and add rosemary sprigs. Roast at 375 for about 30 minutes. Remove skin while warm, and cut in half. Meanwhile saute the beet greens in olive oil and add a splash of balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and place on plate, top with baby beets., ingredients: [], title: Roasted Baby Beets and Sauteed Beet Greens, picturelink: null}, 27403: {instructions: Place cheese in a large bowl. Sprinkle flour, nutmeg, and pepper overtop, then toss thoroughly so that the flour evenly coats the cheese.nHeat wine in a mediumsize pot, over mediumhigh heat, until tiny bubbles begin to rise to the surface.nSlowly add cheese to wine, allowing each handful to melt before adding another.nWhen cheese is fully melted, add Kirsch.nRub the inside of the fondue pot with cut side of garlic clove.nTransfer entire mess to the fondue pot and maintain flame hot enough to keep cheese melted but not boiling. Place fondue pot in the center of the table, along with bread, and let guests dive in.nRecommended beverage: Fendant Swiss white, or other dry crisp white wine, ingredients: [12 pound Emmental Swiss cheese, coarsely grated If you do not have a grater, the cheese can be sliced into thin strips., 12 pound Gruyere, coarsely grated, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups any dry white wine, 1 garlic clove, cut in 12, 1 ounces Kirsch cherry brandy, 1 loaf fresh crusty French, Italian, or sourdough bread, cut into bitesize chunks with 1 edge of crust on each bite], title: Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 27404: {instructions: Grease a 2quart baking dish with butter. In a large bowl, mix the vanilla wafers, apricots, raisins, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Slice the bananas and fold into the dry ingredients. Transfer to the baking dish, distributing evenly. In another bowl, mix eggs, milk, vanilla and amaretto, whiskey or warm water.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pour the milk and egg mixture over the dry ingredients. Let the baking dish stand for about 20 minutes to allow the liquid to absorb.nPrepare a bain marie by placing the baking dish into a larger pan or dish, placing the arrangement into the preheated oven, and then pouring hot water into the outer dish without splashing any into the custard dish. Bake until the pudding firms and puffs up and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and from water bath. Spread apricot jelly over the top of pudding and let rest.nIncrease oven heat to 425 degrees F.nTo make the meringue topping, make a slurry with 13 cup water gradually whisked into a small saucepan to which you have added cornstarch and sugar. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking constantly. As it thickens and becomes translucent, cover and remove it from the heat. In a scrupulously clean large metal or glass bowl, with scrupulously clean beaters, beat the egg whites they must be at room temperature until foamy. Add vanilla and cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form. Very gradually beat in sugar on high until glossy and stiff peaks form, but do not allow it to get dry. Reduce the speed of the beater to low and gradually add the cornstarch slurry. When it has all been added increase speed to medium for about 10 seconds.nSpread the meringue over the bread pudding, swirling it decoratively with the back of a spoon, and being sure to anchor the meringue to the sides of the baking dish. Bake until the meringue browns, 5 or 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups vanilla wafer cookies, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup chopped white raisins, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 bananas, 3 eggs, 3 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup amaretto, whiskey, or warm water, 12 cup apricot jelly, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar make sure it is a fresh container, i.e. not stale, 12 cup sugar], title: Back in Business Banana Bread Pudding, picturelink: iRzjNPmVjRoOBWMS0nIe8.Yrn5UYEO}, 27405: {instructions: Slice baguette in half crosswise, then slice each half lengthwise in two, making bottom halves larger. Pull out and discard the insides so you have hollow bread shells. In a measuring cup or small bowl, whisk together vinegar and mustard. Whisk in olive oil until emulsified, then season with pepper. Brush some of the vinaigrette over the insides of the bread shells.nIn a bowl, stir together the tuna, capers, onion, and olives stir in the remaining vinaigrette until well combined. Mound tuna evenly in the bread shell bottoms. Arrange tomatoes and basil leaves over tuna, then put tops of bread on. Squish down to compress ingredients: you want the bread to get soaked with the flavors. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and parchment to transport. If made ahead, refrigerate up to 4 hours, wrapped., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup good red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup good olive oil, Pepper, 2 6ounce cans goodquality tuna in water, drained, 3 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, Minced red onion, to taste, 14 cup chopped, pitted meaty black olives, such as Kalamata, 4 thin slices tomato, halved to create half moons, Several large basil leaves], title: Pan Bagnato, picturelink: null}, 27406: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine sugar, coconut, egg whites, vanilla, and salt. Use your hands to mix well, completely combining ingredients.nDampen hands with cold water. Form 1 12 tablespoons of mixture into a loose haystack shape and place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining mixture, placing macaroons about 1 inch apart.nBake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven to a wire rack and cool on baking sheet. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 2 12 cups unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Plain Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 27407: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill over high heat. Divide the meat into four 6ounce balls. Press 4 small cubes of cheese into the center of each ball and flatten into a 12inchthick patty about 4 inches in diameter, making sure the cheese stays wrapped in the meat. Sprinkle both sides of the patties evenly with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Wrap each burger in a piece of nonstick aluminum foil, twisting any excess foil at each end so the burger is wrapped in a single layer of foil only. Mix the ketchup and Worcestershire together in a small bowl.n2. Grill the burgers for 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and carefully open up the foil packets, allowing the steam to escape. Place the opened foil packets back on the grill, add a spoonful of sauce to the top of each patty and continue to cook until the patty is cooked to at least medium to allow the cheese inside to fully melt, another 4 to 6 minutes.n3. On the bottom half of each bun, spread a bit of sauce and top with a lettuce leaf, onion slice and tomato slice. Top with a patty, another spoon of the remaining sauce and the top of the bun. Serve with chips or fries., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 4 ounces Cheddar, cut into 16 small cubes, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 seeded hamburger buns, split and toasted, 4 small leaves romaine lettuce, 4 slices sweet onion, such as Vidalia or Maui, 1 small vineripened tomato, sliced into 4 rounds, Potato chips or French fries, for serving], title: Grilled CheeseStuffed Burgers, picturelink: null}, 27408: {instructions: Spread all of the bread slices generously with the ginger butter. Place slices of smoked salmon in an even layer on half of the bread slices. Top with remaining bread slices. Using a 2inch flowershaped cookie cutter, cut out the tea sandwiches. Remove the top slice of bread from each flower. Using a 34 to 78inch round biscuit cutter, cut a circle from the center of each, discard the circle. Replace the slice, butterside down, on the flower.nPlace butter, cream cheese, ginger, lime juice, cilantro and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse just until ingredients are combined, about 30 seconds.nTransfer mixture to a sheet of parchment or waxed paper. Roll into a 1 12inch wide log. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [24 slices thin white bread, 4 ounces GingerCilantro Lime Butter, recipe follows, 8 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 ounces 14 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 27409: {instructions: In upper part of double boiler, heat 3 cups of heavy cream with the vanilla bean. In a bowl, beat 6 tablespoons of sugar with the egg yolks and eggs until light and creamy. Take out the vanilla bean, and stir the warm cream into the yolks very carefully and slowly. Return the mixture to the double boiler, over boiling water. Stir constantly until the custard coats the spoon. Then put into a glass serving dish and place it in the refrigerator to set. When ready to serve, cover the top of the custard completely with brown sugar, using 12 cup or more. Place the dish on a bowl of crushed ice and place custard under broiler flame until sugar melts and caramelizes. Keep watching it, for the sugar will burn. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1inch piece vanilla bean, 6 tablespoons sugar, 4 egg yolks, 2 eggs], title: Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 27410: {instructions: Set racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. In the work bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade, pulse the coconut about 6 or 8 times at 1second intervals to chop, not grind, it.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the salt until they are combined. Whisk in the sugar in a stream, then the vanilla. Fold in the coconut. Drop rounded teaspoons of the macaroons onto the prepared pans. Leave about 2 inches all around between each. Bake for about 12 to 15 minutes, or until macaroons are a deep golden color and still soft within. Slide the papers from the pans to racks. Store the cooled macaroons between sheets of parchment or waxed paper in a tin or plastic container with a tightfitting cover., ingredients: [1 7ounce package sweetened shredded coconut, 2 large eggs, Pinch salt, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans covered with parchment or foil], title: Golden Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 27411: {instructions: For the dressing: In a bowl, whisk together the olive oil, mozzarella liquid and pickle juice. Whisk in the vinegar. Taste for seasoning. Set aside.nFor the herb salt: Put the parsley and the salt in the bowl of the food processor and pulse to blend until they are integrated and the salt is green. Keep in a sealed jar.nTo assemble the salad: Slice and arrange the tomatoes in a single layer on a flat surface. Drizzle the tomatoes with a little sugar, black pepper and the dressing. Top with a sprinkle of the parsley salt. Taste a tomato slice for seasoning. Squeeze the lemon juice on the watermelon. Season the mozzarella slices with parsley salt and a little dressing, as well. Arrange the tomatoes, mozzarella and watermelon cubes on 6 rectangular plates. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 to 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, cut into 12 small slices, liquid reserved, 4 tablespoons pickle juice from the jar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, tightly packed, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 2 ounces coarse sea salt, 2 ripe beefsteak or any large variety heirloom tomatoes, washed, dried and stemmed, 1 pint cherry Sweet 100s or heirloom tomatoes, washed, dried and stemmed, Granulated sugar, Coarsely ground black pepper, The juice from 12 to 1 lemon, depending on personal taste, 6 ounces cold watermelon, rind removed, seeded, cut into bitesize cubes and refrigerated until just before serving], title: Tomato and Watermelon Salad with Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 27412: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg whites until they are foamy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and whisk again to blend.nHeat a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When the oil is warm, pour in the egg whites. As the eggs set, lift the edges with a heat proof spatula and let the uncooked egg run to the bottom of the pan. When the omelet is cooked through, top with the blueberries. Slide the omelet onto a plate, top with the creme fraiche, and garnish with dill., ingredients: [3 egg whites, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh blueberries, 1 tablespoon creme fraiche, Fresh dill, for garnish], title: Egg White Omelet with Blueberries and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: 4tk0QfqcFe7DPlyTiCJEi3VnsrPOamm}, 27413: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nUsing 12cup measuring cup coated with cooking spray divide warm cereal mixture into portions. Using buttered hands shape each portion into a ball. Decorate with candy to make cat eyes, nose, mouth, ears and whiskers. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, candy corn, jelly beans, candycoated chocolate pieces andor black string licorice], title: Cocoa Halloween Cat Treats TM, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 27414: {instructions: Melt margarine over lowmedium heat and add olive oil, salt, pepper, hot sauce, lemon juice, and bacon. Simmer for 2 minutes. Allow to cool.nPlace the cleaned crabs on plate. Liberally coat the crabs with the sauce, making sure to lift the sides of the shell to coat the meat inside. Save remaining sauce for basting. Cover the crabs and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.nHeat grill to mediumlow.nPlace crabs on grill topside down. Baste with remaining sauce while they cook. Cook crabs about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. The crab will crisp on the outside and the meat inside will turn white.nRemove from grill and serve topped with Grilled Vidalia Onions.nHeat griddle or nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat.nPeel onions and cut into thin rings. Toss rings with seasoning and olive oil.nCook until onions turn clear and start to caramelize. Serve over grilled crab., ingredients: [4 softshell crabs, rinsed and cleaned, 2 sticks margarine or butter margarine will cause less flaring, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 small lemons, juiced, 4 slices crisp bacon, crumbled, Grilled Vidalia Onions, recipe follows, 4 small Vidalia onions, 4 tablespoons dry vegetable seasoning, 4 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: BBQ SoftShell Crabs with Grilled Vidalia Onions, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 27415: {instructions: Fill cones with snow, drizzle with syrup and juice lime on top. Enjoy., ingredients: [4 cone cups, 1 small squirt bottle ginger syrup, 1 lime, cut in quarters, zip locked, Fresh white not yellow snow], title: GingerLime Cones, picturelink: null}, 27416: {instructions: Clean the crab meat to remove all the remaining shells. Add the mango that you have cut into very small dice, radishes and the fresh mint. Mix the lemon juice with the olive oil to obtain the vinaigrette and season it to taste with ssalt and pepper. Mix some of it with the crab and keep the remaining vinaigrette to season the mesclun, ingredients: [7 ounces fresh crab meat, 1 ripe mango, 4 pink radishs. sliced, 1 sprig mint, leaves cut fine julienne, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pint mesclun], title: Crab Salad with Mango and Mint, picturelink: null}, 27417: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan combine sugar, water and cream of tartar. Slowly bring mixture to a boil, stirring sides of the saucepan with a brush dipped in water to remove any sugar crystals. Cover and boil for about 3 minutes or until a candy thermometer registers 245 degrees.nBeat egg whites with pinch of salt until glossy and peaked. Slowly pour in syrup as you continue to beat the whites. Beat until cool and frosting is soft and fluffy. Fold in vanilla., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 23 cup water, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 egg whites, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Fluffy Boiled Icing, picturelink: null}, 27418: {instructions: Heat the oven to broil.nMash together the butter, sugar, pistachios and flour and chill for 1 hour.nCut a cross from the top about threequarters of the way down into the figs. Divide chilled filling into as many balls as you have figs, and poke the filling into the openings of each fig. Broil until the nut mixture is golden and the figs hot, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup30 g chopped pistachios or almonds, 2 tablespoons flour, 8 small fresh figs andor apricots, Whipped cream or creme fraiche, for serving], title: PistachioStuffed Figs, picturelink: null}, 27419: {instructions: For the peanut sauce: Heat the peanut oil in a small saute pan over mediumlow heat until hot. Add the onion and jalapeno and cook until softened and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 20 seconds. Then add the coconut milk, peanut butter and curry paste. Increase the heat to medium and whisk until the mixture comes together, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the lime juice, soy sauce and fish sauce. If the sauce separates before you are ready to serve, whisk it until it emulsifies and use immediately.nFor the vegetables: Prepare a large bowl of ice water and set aside. In a large pasta pot fitted with a colander insert, bring water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons salt, then add the carrots. Cook for 1 minute, then add the cauliflower. Cook for 1 minute, then add the green beans and broccoli and continue to cook, 2 minutes. Remove the colander from the pot and drain of excess water. Carefully pour the vegetables into the ice water so that theyre submerged. Line a sheet tray with paper towels. When the vegetables are cold to the touch, remove them to the paper towels. Dry the vegetables and then put them into a large, shallow serving bowl or on a platter.nServe the blanched vegetables with the peanut sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 12 jalapeno pepper, ribs and seeds removed, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 cup coconut milk shake the can well before using, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons storebought Thai red curry paste, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, Kosher salt, 2 cups heirloom carrots orange, purple and yellow, cut into 2inch sticks from 6 baby carrots or 2 large of each, 3 cups cauliflower florets white, green and orange, 10 ounces green beans, trimmed about 2 cups, 3 cups broccoli florets], title: Mrs. Van Halens Gado Gado, picturelink: yVwgSQrqhAkdXOWxB6nQ8N24XN0hRpO}, 27420: {instructions: Defrost the spinach in the microwave, and then wring out any excess liquid.nHeat the EVOO in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown and crumble the spicy breakfast sausage, and then remove the crumbles to a plate. Return the skillet to the heat. Reduce the heat a little and melt the butter. To the skillet, add the onions and garlic and cook to soften, 5 to 6 minutes. Then add the spinach and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Turn off the heat and combine with the sausage bits.nArrange half of the bread in a casserole dish.nWhisk the eggs with the milk, Dijon and some salt and pepper.nScatter half of the sausagespinach mixture over the bread, top with half the cheese, pour over half the eggs, repeat. Cover and store in the fridge.nBring the strata to room temperature for about 30 minutes before you bake. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with the rack in the center of the oven.nSet the casserole on a baking sheet and bake uncovered 1 hour. Let stand 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 box or bag organic chopped frozen spinach, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 12 ounces bulk spicy breakfast sausage, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 12 pound stale white or French bread, cubed 7 to 8 cups, 12 eggs, 2 cups milk or halfandhalf, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 cups shredded caciocavallo cheese or ParmigianoReggiano], title: The Ultimate Breakfast for Dinner: Sausage and Spinach Egg Strata, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 27421: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Cook shallots and mushrooms until golden. Add garlic and tomato paste and saute. Add wine, turn heat to high, and reduce by half. Add brown stock and reduce again by a quarter. Whisk in pimento puree. Break butter into small pieces and whisk into sauce until smooth. Adjust seasonings and strain through a fine sieve. Serve warm with lamb., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 shallots, finely sliced, 12 cup mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon pureed garlic, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 34 cup dry white wine, 5 cups brown lamb stock, or canned beef broth, 3 tablespoons pimento or roasted red pepper pureed in blender with stock if necessary, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cold, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pimento Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27422: {instructions: In a blender at medium speed cream butter and sugar. Add molasses, then add eggs, then lemon and orange juice and rinds. Sift together in separate bowl flours, baking powder, and spices then add to blender, mix well, scraping bowl. Add the currant and fig mixture. Add almonds and carrots. Mix well. Add to small individual cake pans. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes. Cool before removing from pannMix all ingredients together and refrigerate overnight, longer if possible. ., ingredients: [12 cup currants, 12 cup figs, 12 cup dried cherries chopped, 1 tablespoon crystallized ginger, 1 cup cherry brandy, 1 cup rum, 12 pound butter, 12 pound brown sugar, 12 pound molasses, 4 large eggs, Juice and rind of one lemon, Juice and rind of one orange, 14 pound all propose flour, 14 pound cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ginger, 12 cup almonds sliced, 1 small carrot grated], title: Island Christmas Cake, picturelink: null}, 27423: {instructions: Combine the vodka, passion fruit puree and coconut syrup in a cocktail shaker fill with ice. Shake well and strain into 2 cocktail glasses. Garnish with cherries., ingredients: [4 ounces vodka, 4 ounces frozen passion fruit puree, thawed, 1 ounce coconut syrup such as Torani, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Passion Potion, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 27424: {instructions: With the tip of a sharp knife, scrape off the thorns of the prickly pears. Cut off the ends of the fruit and then make a lengthwise slit through the skin and peel off and discard the skin. Repeat with the remaining fruit. Cut the fruit into large pieces, transfer to a food processor and process until pureed. Strain through a fine sieve. There should be approximately 2 cups of liquid.nIn a saucepan, combine the prickly pear puree, water, sugar, mint, and the cinnamon stick. Be sure to scrape the seeds from the vanilla, and then put both the seeds and the pod into the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook uncovered for about 20 minutes.nTaste to make sure that the flavors are balanced. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Use the syrup to ladle over fresh fruits., ingredients: [2 12 pounds prickly pears, 12 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 bunch fresh mint, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise], title: Prickly Pear Syrup, picturelink: null}, 27425: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRub ribs with 1 cup Big Daddy Rub until evenly coated on both sides. Allow ribs to marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPlace ribs in 2 large roasting pans and cover with the cola and water. Cover with foil and cook in oven for 1 12 hours. Remove ribs from oven and allow to cool. Slice ribs into individualsize pieces.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nPlace ribs on the grill. Brush on apple ciderbuttermilk sauce. Cook for additional 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss ribs with another 1 cup of rub until well coated. Spread ribs out on a sheet tray and bake in the oven for an additional 20 minutes until caramelized.nServe alongside Apple Cider Buttermilk Sauce, chipotle aioli, or harissa rouille.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix all ingredients until well combined.nIn a medium pot add apple cider, sugar and red pepper on medium high heat. Reduce by half. Pour mixture into a separate bowl. Add buttermilk. Mix thoroughly and add lemon juice and zest., ingredients: [5 pounds St. Louis style ribs, 2 cups Big Daddy Rub, recipe follows, 2 liters cola recommended: CocaCola, 4 cups water, Apple Cider Buttermilk Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons hot chili powder, 2 tablespoons cayenne, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 2 cups apple cider, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Ribs with Big Daddy Rub, picturelink: VlGRJrGP0dVHKPH4YU2rBI58jRkE3HG}, 27426: {instructions: Bring large saucepan with 3 quarts salted water to boil. Add duck, reduce heat and cover to simmer for 2 to 2 12 hours until tender. Remove duck and strip flesh from carcass and dry with cloth. Strain cooking liquid and let cool. Once cooled, skim fat and reserve.nHeat oil in frying pan and add duck pieces, frying 15 minutes until crisp brown on all sides. Return duck to large saucepan, add 1 34 cups cooking liquid, 1 cup pineapple pieces, green pepper and ginger. Cover and simmer another 15 minutes. Remove duck and rest on heated serving dish to keep warm.nSkim any fat from surface of cooking liquid and bring to a boil. Separately combine pineapple juice, soy sauce, pepper and arrowroot, mixing well. Add this to cooking liquid and stir until it thickens and clears. Pour sauce over duck., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 3 pound Muscovy duck, skin on, cut into 4 even pieces, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 30ounce can pineapple pieces, drained and juices reserved, 2 green peppers, diced to same size as pineapple, 2 tablespoons grated fresh gingerroot, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons arrowroot], title: Queensland Duckling, picturelink: null}, 27427: {instructions: Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to a medium saute pan and cook the shrimp, turning halfway, until they turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Place the shrimp onto a plate to rest.nPreheat a grill pan. In a medium bowl, add 3 tablespoons each of cilantro, basil and oregano. Add the extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons garlic and a dash of salt and pepper. Mix together and brush the with the garlic oil. Grill the bread for 2 minutes on each side.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions begin to soften and is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds longer. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes and the remaining 3 tablespoons each cilantro, basil and oregano. Stir together and cook for a minute. Pull the pan away from the flame and add the wine. Return the pan back to the heat and stir in the crushed tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and simmer for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice. Mix in the reserved cooked shrimp. Serve with the grilled bread., ingredients: [1 pound U24 shrimp, peeled and deveined, tailon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, divided, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, divided, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, divided, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, divided, 1 loaf desired bread, such as Italian, sliced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 12 cup red wine, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Shrimp Fra Diavolo with Grilled Bread, picturelink: null}, 27428: {instructions: In a separate pot over medium heat, bring the broth to a boil. In a separate large bowl, combine the ground beef, ground pork, 3 eggs, bread crumbs, basil, parsley and 12 cup Parmesan. Mix well and form into bitesize balls. Drop the balls into the broth. Add escarole into broth. When meatballs rise to the top, they are cooked, about 6 to 7 minutes. When escarole is wilted it is done. In a separate bowl, combine the remaining 5 eggs with the remaining 1 cup of cheese. Pour this mixture into the soup, stirring continuously, until the egg is cooked., ingredients: [8 cups homemade chicken broth, 34 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground pork, 3 eggs, plus 5 eggs, 1 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 12 cups grated Parmesan, plus 1 cup, 2 medium heads escarole, cleaned and chopped], title: Italian Wedding Soup, picturelink: null}, 27429: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chocolate into a bowl or liquid measuring cup and put a fine mesh sieve over the rim.nAdd the milk, cinnamon stick and jalapenos, seeds included, to a medium pot over low heat. Bring to a simmer and let steep for 15 minutes. Stir in the vanilla. Pour the milk mixture into the sieve over the chocolate and discard the solids. Quickly stir the milk and chocolate together and pour it evenly into 4 mugs. Top with marshmallows and serve., ingredients: [3 ounces semisweet chocolate, shaved or chopped, 4 cups milk, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 jalapenos, stemmed and quartered lengthwise, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mini marshmallows], title: Hot Choco Loco, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 27430: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dry rub and ribs: Combine the paprika, cumin, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pat the spice mixture all over the ribs. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F, or 250 degrees F with fan on in a convection oven.nPlace ribs in a single layer in a baking pan and pour in water to a depth of about 12inch. Bake, covered with foil, for 45 to 60 minutes in the oven or on a grill with the lid closed. Uncover and bake until the meat is tender and beginning to pull away from the bones, an additional 45 to 60 minutes. Remove the ribs from the pan and reserve the pan juices to add to tomatillo glaze.nMeanwhile, make the tomatillo glaze: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, saute the onions in the duck fat until golden. Add the garlic, tomatillos and serrano chiles and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens, 30 to 45 minutes. Add the reserved rib pan juices and cilantro and cook an additional 10 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender and add the maple syrup. Cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring constantly and being careful not to burn. Season with salt and pepper.nTurn the oven heat up to 450 degrees F, or preheat the grill. If finishing the ribs in the oven, brush generously with the glaze and bake another 10 minutes per side, basting with the glaze every 2 to 3 minutes. To grill, generously glaze the ribs and grill 5 minutes per side, frequently brushing with additional glaze. Cut the ribs apart and serve hot with extra glaze on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Piment DEsplette, hot paprika, marash chili, or a combination of the three, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds pork baby back ribs, 1 small onion, diced, 3 tablespoons pork or duck fat, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 tomatillos, husked, washed and roughly chopped, 3 serrano chiles, sliced, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons maple syrup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomatillo Glazed Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: gAH9..0kYLBNXPSE0lClQjG1.M4dYsi}, 27431: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place 1 slice of smoked ham on each veal slice. Season with pepper and sprinkle each with sage leaves and ground hazelnuts. Fry the whole mushrooms in a little clarified butter and then place 1 mushroom on each veal slice.nRoll up veal and tie with string. Season with salt and pepper. Place the veal rolls in an ovenproof dish, brush with clarified butter and dust generously with paprika. Brush once more with clarified butter. Place in the oven and cook uncovered for 20 minutes, basting from time to time. Remove veal from oven and slice each roll in half lengthwise with a very sharp knife. Arrange on a serving dish. Place the ovenproof dish on the heat and add the lemon juice, stir well to combine with the pan juices and then nap the veal rolls. Accompany with broccoli vinaigrette, if desired.nRecommended drink: Light dry claret, ingredients: [4 slices smoked ham, 4 slices leg of veal, pounded thin, 8 sage leaves, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons ground hazelnuts, 4 large flat mushrooms, Black pepper and salt, Clarified butter, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Feinschmeckerrole, picturelink: null}, 27432: {instructions: Crabs: Depending on where you get the crabs they could be alive or preboiled.nIf theyre alive, place the crabs in boiling water for 5 minutes until red in color. Remove from pot and cool them in iced water quick cool. With your thumb and index finger pry open the head, remove innards and save. Under running water wipe clean the head area.nCrab innards: In a blender add the innards with 14 cup of white wine, blend on pulse, strain, and save.nIn a pot on medium heat add olive oil, shallots, rosemary, thyme, and peppercorns. Cook until light brown, about 5 minutes. Deglaze with 14 to 12 cup of wine. Add the blended crab innards, the canola oil, and the garlic salt. Simmer for 10 minutes. Skim the top, remove from the heat and cool for a few minutes. Strain through a sieve or cheesecloth. Whisk in the garlic puree and let rest.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the 2 crabs in a large ovenproof skillet, ladle the crab butter over them, be generous and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Set the crabs on your serving dish, sprinkle with garlic salt, put the empty head shells back on you can brush the shell with olive oil to shine sprinkle. Sprinkle with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 whole crabs 2 plus pounds each, Crab butter, Crab innards optional, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chopped medium shallot, 12 sprig rosemary chopped, 1 sprig thyme, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons Szechwan peppercorns, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 8 to 10 garlic cloves, roasted and pureed, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Killer Crab Whole Dungeness Crab Roasted in Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27433: {instructions: Make the waffle batter: Whisk the flour, confectioners sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, melted butter and coconut oil, egg yolks and vanilla in a medium bowl until combined. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir with a rubber spatula until combined its OK if a few lumps remain.nIn a separate large bowl, whisk the egg whites until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Fold the beaten egg whites into the batter, then fold in the mini chocolate chips. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the cherry sauce: Bring the cherries and their juice, preserves and maple syrup to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until syrupy, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the almond extract. Set aside until ready to serve.nCook the waffles: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a baking sheet. Preheat a waffle iron preferable Belgianstyle. Lightly brush the waffle iron with melted butter pour in the batter, filling each compartment about threequarters full. Close and cook according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer the waffles to the rack and keep warm in the oven. Repeat to make more waffles, brushing the waffle iron with more butter each time.nThin the cherry sauce with a splash of water, if necessary. Serve the waffles with whipped cream and the sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder preferably Dutchprocess, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups milk, warmed, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for the waffle iron, 14 cup coconut oil, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 1 12 cups drained pitted sour cherries, plus 34 cup juice from the jar, 34 cup sour cherry preserves, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Black Forest Belgian Waffles, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 27434: {instructions: Cut each chicken thigh into quarters or 1 12inch pieces, if large. Pat dry and season with 1 teaspoon salt. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the chicken in a single layer and cook undisturbed until browned, about 4 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is golden brown all over, about 5 more minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the chicken and cook, stirring, 1 minute.nStir in the broth and potatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the potatoes are just tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the okra and cook, covered, until the chicken and potatoes are cooked through, 5 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lime juice and cilantro.nPer serving: Calories 397 Fat 13 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 183 mg Sodium 895 mg Carbohydrate 22 g Fiber 4 g Protein 47 gn, ingredients: [6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 1 34 pounds, trimmed, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 link andouille sausage about 3 ounces, chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 medium red potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 10ounce package frozen whole baby okra, thawed, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Stewed Chicken With Andouille, picturelink: null}, 27435: {instructions: Place the egg, egg yolk, Dijon mustard, garlic, salt, and pepper in a food processor fitted with a metal blade and process until well blended.nWith the processor running, slowly pour in the oils, gradually increasing the amount added as the sauce thickens. As soon as the sauce is very thick, thin with lemon juice, followed by the remaining oil. Place in a medium bowl and check for seasoning, adding more lemon juice, salt, and pepper if necessary.nPeel potatoes and slice into 14inch slices. Cut each slice in 14inch strips, and rinse in cold water.nHeat the oil to 315 to 325 degrees F.nIn 4 to 5 small batches, blanch the fries for approximately 8 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nWhen ready to serve, heat oil to 350 to 375 degrees F.nIn small batches fry blanched potatoes for 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown and crispy. Drain well, and toss in mixing bowl with chopped parsley and salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 23 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon garlic puree, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 3 teaspoons lemon juice, 4 large russet potatoes, 1 quart peanut oil, 14 cup chopped parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Hand Cut Russet Fries with Dijon Aioli, picturelink: null}, 27436: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the meat to a large bowl, spread it out and season with salt, to taste. Add the remaining ingredients leaving the bread crumbs until last. Mix until all the ingredients are combined. Create a small patty and test it in a small saute pan in 1 tablespoon of oil. When browned on both sides, taste and reseason the meat mixture, if needed. Roll the mixture into about 20 to 25 or so balls that are about 2 inches in diameter.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat to avoid splattering, add the meatballs in a single layer and spread them somewhat apart so they have a chance to brown instead of steam. You may need to do this in batches. Brown the meatballs, over high heat, turning them so they brown all around. Treat them like hamburgers and cook them until they are mediumrare, about 3 to 5 minutes. Touch them to make sure they are still tender in the center. Use a slotted spoon or spatula to remove them from the pan to a tray and cook off the remaining balls, if needed.nAdd the meatballs to the hot tomato sauce and allow them to bubble slightly and simmer over very low heat for a few minutes. Shut off the heat and allow the mixture to rest for a few additional minutes before serving.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, the garlic, red pepper flakes, and sugar and season with salt, to taste. Stir in the carrots and reseason with salt. Cook for about 2 minutes, and then add canned tomatoes. Use a wooden spoon to break up some of the whole tomatoes and cook over medium heat, stirring from time to time, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add half of the water to prevent the veggies from getting too dry and continue cooking another 10 minutes. Taste for seasoning. The tomatoes should be fairly broken down and the flavors coming together. Add remaining water, as needed, and cook for an additional 10 minutes. The sauce cooks about as long as it takes to make the meatballs from start to finish, about 45 minutes. Stir in the basil leaves and season with Parmesan., ingredients: [2 pounds ground pork lean but not too lean, cut from the pork shoulder, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chili flakes, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 23 cup tightly packed curly parsley leaves with stems, washed, dried and chopped, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup bread crumbs, toasted, 14 to 12 cup vegetable oil, plus 1 tablespoon for testing, My Mothers Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, peeled, halved and diced, 10 cloves garlic, peeled, halved and cut into thin slices, 2 to 3 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, Kosher salt, 3 medium carrots, peeled and grated, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 4 cups water, divided, plus more as needed, 1 cup basil leaves, washed, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Pork Meatballs, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 27437: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the cabbage wedges on the baking sheet.nCombine the melted butter and olive oil in a bowl brush on the cabbage wedges. Sprinkle with the caraway seeds, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons water on the baking sheet. Roast until the cabbage is very tender and browned around the edges, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a platter and season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 small head Savoy cabbage, cut into 8 wedges, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Charred Caraway Cabbage, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 27438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, toss the strawberries, 1 tablespoon sugar and the lemon juice until the sugar dissolves. Let sit out at room temperature while you prep the remaining ingredients. Add the mascarpone to a large bowl. Beat with a handheld mixer until soft and loose. Add the heavy cream, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and the vanilla and whip until you reach soft peaks.nAdd a layer of crumbled biscotti to the bottom of two 12ounce martini glasses or any other decorative glass. Top with a layer of whipped mascarpone, and then a layer of strawberries. Repeat the layering. Sprinkle with the remaining crumbled biscotti., ingredients: [1 14 cups hulled and sliced strawberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 ounces mascarpone half of an 8ounce container, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup finely crumbled almond biscotti], title: Engagement Ring Parfait, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 27439: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice off tops of bell peppers, remove seeds and discard. Chop up the bell pepper tops and place into a large bowl. Add rice or couscous, chopped meat, dried basil, parsley, chopped pepper tops, chicken stock and scallions. Toss to combine and season with salt and pepper. Stuff each pepper with filling and place in a square baking dish. Bake 45 minutes or until tender., ingredients: [4 red, green or yellow bell peppers, tops sliced off and chopped up, 2 cups leftover rice or couscous, 1 cup leftover chopped turkey, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Turkey Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 27440: {instructions: In a hot ovenproof skillet coated with olive oil, saute rice, shallots, garlic and ginger for 4 to 6 minutes. Season. Add turmeric and stir for 2 minutes. Add stock and vegetables and check for seasoning. Cover and bake in a 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until rice has fully absorbed the broth. Fluff with a fork, recheck seasoning.nIn a bowl, combine everything and season. Check for flavor and set aside at room temperature.nPLATING: Serve the paella in the skillet drizzled with the slaw on top., ingredients: [Olive oil to cook, 4 cups basmati rice, 5 minced large shallots, 1 tablespoon garlic, 1 heaping tablespoon minced ginger, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 tablespoon turmeric, 6 cups vegetable stock, 4 cups mixed grilled vegetables, 12inch dice 1 zucchini, 1 eggplant, 1 red bell pepper, 1 large red onion, 1 fennel, 14inch thick sliced and grilled with olive oil, salt and pepper, 1 bunch Thai basil 2 cups picked leaves, 3 heirloom tomatoes, julienned, different types and colors if possible, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 minced jalepeno, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Vegetarian Paella with BasilTomato Slaw, picturelink: null}, 27441: {instructions: In a stockpot, cover fowl with water. Add bay leaves and rosemary, bring to a boil, and then simmer until tender. Remove fowl from pot and set aside to cool. Reserve stock in pan. Bone fowl, saving the skin and bones to add back to stock later. Place meat in each of 4 2cup serving bowls. Add celery, carrots, and onions to stock and simmer until tender. Strain, reserving the stock, and divide into bowls with fowl. Add peas, mushrooms and peanuts to bowl with fowl and vegetables.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nDivide sauce evenly among bowls. Cover pies with pastry crust brush crust with beaten egg and then lightly sprinkle with nutmeg. Prick crust with fork to vent. Bake until crust is golden brown.nIn a saucepan, stir together cream, flour, seasonings, and mustard until smooth. Add 3 cups hot stock and simmer until a medium thickness. Add peanut butter and wine, stirring to blend. Add salt and white pepper, to taste.nCombine flour, baking powder, and salt in a mixing bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle ice water evenly over surface. Stir with a fork until all dry ingredients are moistened. Divide dough into 4 pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough out to fit over bowl tops., ingredients: [1 small fowl chicken, duck, Cornish hen  your favorite, 2 bay leaves, 14 teaspoon rosemary leaves, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 2 medium carrots, sliced, 8 to 12 pearl onions or 1 large onion, diced large, 12 cup green peas or 12 snow peas, 14 cup sliced mushrooms, 12 cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts, 2 12 to 3 cups Cream Sauce, recipe follows, Pastry Crust, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Nutmeg, for sprinkling, 1 cup cream cold, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 tablespoon poultry seasoning or sage, 12 tablespoon roasted garlic powder, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 cups stock, hot from recipe above, 14 cup peanut butter, 14 cup Marsala wine or sweet sherry wine, White pepper and salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup shortening lard or solid shortening, 3 tablespoons ice water], title: Old Virginia Chicken and Peanut Pie, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 27442: {instructions: Sort through crabmeat and remove any shells. Mix in bread crumbs until there is an even distribution through out the crabmeat.nIn a separate bowl combine all other ingredients and mix thoroughly. Gradually add the mix to the crabmeat until the crabmeat is moist but not too wet. Divide crabmeat into cakes 1 ounce for appetizers, 4 to 6 ounces for entree. Thoroughly heat crab cakes for 10 to15 minutes at 375 degrees and finish under the broiler to brown the top. Crab cakes can also be panfried., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1 to 2 cups bread crumbs, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire Sauce, 1 tablespoons horseradish, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Wharf Rat Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 27443: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the pork loin boneside down on a work surface. Insert the blade of a very sharp knife along the rib bones and slice down but not all the way through stop about an inch from the bottom. This will release the loin from the ribs. Open the meat up a bit, turn your knife sideways and continue to slice through the meat, opening it up as it goes until you have a flat piece of pork which will be rolled up back to the bones once stuffed with filling. Gently pound until even. Season all sides with salt and pepper.nIn a food processor, add the parsley, dates, olive oil and garlic and pulse until a rough paste forms. Spread the paste on the inside of the loin, then add a layer of crumbled sausage followed by an even layer of baby spinach. Tightly roll into a pinwheel and secure tightly with butcher twine in between each bone.nTransfer the loin to a vshaped rack in a large roasting pan and add 2 cups of water to the bottom of the pan to catch drippings. Roast for 20 minutes to create a nice crust. Then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and roast until the pork registers 140 degrees F on a meat thermometer, about 30 minutes more. Place on a cutting board and lightly tent with foil for 20 minutes while you make the pan sauce.nTo make the pan sauce, pour the pork drippings into a measuring cup. Skim off 2 tablespoons of the fat and add to the roasting pan discard the rest of the accumulated fat from the measuring cup. Heat over mediumlow heat over 2 burners. Add the flour and whisk until golden, scraping up any bits accumulated on the bottom of the pan. Add the white wine and deglaze for 2 minutes. Add the mustard and pan drippings and simmer until thick, whisking the whole time, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nSlice the pork along the bone and plate with a nice ladleful of the mustard gravy. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [1 bonein pork loin about 4 pounds or 6 ribs, chine bone removed see Cooks Note, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, plus chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 12 cup pitted dates, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 2 pounds crumbled sweet Italian sausage, browned and drained, 2 cups baby spinach, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard], title: Sausage and SpinachStuffed BoneIn Pork Loin, picturelink: VtKmJwn6DM5jYzIKr366AGxMKlxZcBa}, 27444: {instructions: In a 6quart slow cooker combine the celery, carrots, potatoes, onions, thyme and beef. In a large bowl, stir together all the remaining ingredients and pour over the beef and vegetables in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 5 hours. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with Beer Biscuits.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix all ingredients with a whisk until just combined. Using 2 spoons divide dough into 4 even mounds and put on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes until golden brown.nIn a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended. Use in recipes that call for Bisquick or allpurpose mix., ingredients: [4 celery stalks, chopped, 4 carrots, peeled and sliced into 1inch thick rounds, 4 red potatoes, chopped into large dice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 1pound chuck roast, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14.5ounce can less sodium beef broth, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, Beer Biscuits, recipe follows, 2 14 cups AllPurpose Baking Mix, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup beer, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: Beef Stew with Beer Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 27445: {instructions: Slice zucchini and squash very thin. Heat olive oil and saute onion until tender. Add zucchini and squash. Toss until tender and crisp. Add salt and pepper. Serve immediately if it sits to long it will become mushy.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [4 to 5 zucchini, 4 to 5 yellow crookneck squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onions, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Squash and Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 27446: {instructions: Set oven to broil 475 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan melt butter, and saute briefly the garlic, onion, shrimp, lemon juice, seasonings, and parsley. Remove from heat. Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan sprinkle over shrimp and place under the broiler for 3 minutes. Serve over pasta., ingredients: [8 angel hair nests cooked and drained, 2 sticks butter, melted, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 large onion, diced, 2 pounds large peeled and deveined shrimp, thawed if frozen, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 teaspoon white pepper, Dash sea salt, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Dawns Scampi, picturelink: ZjFcUirrYQdxXclNQYGrgIlSzQedH6}, 27447: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle iron for Lemon and Walnut WafflesnIn a bowl large enough to fit the chicken, combine the water, lemon juice and halves, salt, and sugar. Whisk until salt and sugar are dissolved. Add the chicken to the bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours, or overnight. If the brine does not fully cover the chicken, rotate the chicken halfway through the brining process. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl add half of the BBQ Rub and the butter. Mix until well combined. Refrigerate for a few minutes if the butter begins to melt after mixing. Remove the chicken from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Use your fingers to gently release the skin from the flesh of the breasts and legs. Spread the butter mixture evenly under the skin and over the breast and legs. Pat the remaining BBQ rub mixture all over the bird. Transfer the chicken to a roasting pan fitted with a roasting rack and bake until golden and the juices run clear, basting frequently, for about 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Baste the chicken thoroughly with the drippings in pan, return to the oven, and let bake until the skin is brown and crispy, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before cutting. Carve the meat and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with Lemon and Walnut Waffles, if desired.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nIn a large bowl sift to combine the flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons of the sugar and salt. In small bowl whisk the egg yolks until smooth, then add the milk, vegetable oil, lemon extract, and lemon zest. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour in the liquid ingredients and gently stir the batter, with a wooden spoon, until just combined. Be careful not to overmix. You can use a hand beater or a stand mixer on low speed, if desired.nIn a very clean bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy. Add the remaining sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Gently fold the whites into the batter. Pour about 14 cup to 12 cup batter into an oiled waffle iron, sprinkle with walnuts, then close the iron. Cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes, depending on waffle iron settings. Transfer to a serving platter and keep warm in a low oven. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve warm with maple syrup., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 lemon, juiced and halves reserved, 12 cup salt, 12 cup sugar, One 7 to 8pound whole roaster chicken, BBQ Rub, recipe follows, divided, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, Serving suggestion: Lemon and Walnut Waffles, recipe follows, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon dried ground thyme, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 lemon, zested, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 cup sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, separated, 3 12 cups milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 lemon, zested, Oil, for waffle iron, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Maple syrup, for serving], title: BBQ RubRoasted Chicken, picturelink: s1XtMZfSQuljB8iNTAQ5db.R9s1PvjW}, 27448: {instructions: Combine the ground peppercorns and salt and liberally coat the bison steaks.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan on mediumhigh heat melt the butter with the oil and sugar. Add the shallots and caramelize them for 10 minutes. Add the wine, turn down the heat to a simmer and reduce liquid to 14 of its original amount. Remove from heat. Add thyme and season.nOn a hot grill, cook the steaks to the desired doneness.nTo serve, top each of the steaks with a spoonful of the shallot marmalade. The marmalade can be hot, warm or room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black peppercorns, cracked to a medium grind, 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns, cracked to a medium grind, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 10ounce bison buffalo steaks, New York steak or strip loin cut, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 cups shallot, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, 2 cups red wine, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and pepper], title: Bison Steak au Poivre with Red Wine Shallot Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 27449: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and saute until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the beef, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, beans, tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar, and some salt and pepper, and cook until slightly thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.nServe warm on the hamburger buns., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 medium bell pepper, finely diced, 1 pound ground beef, One 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 hamburger buns], title: Sloppy Joes, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 27450: {instructions: Chill martini glasses. Add all ingredients to glass shaker. Shake well and strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with lime peel., ingredients: [2 ounces Bacardi Light rum, 34ounce lime juice, 1 ounce simple syrup 5050 sugar and water mixture, heated until sugar dissolves, cool, Splash maraschino liqueur, Splash grapefruit juice], title: Hemingway Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 27451: {instructions: For the curry potato salad: Cube the potatoes and boil them in salted water until they are forktender, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and drain.nCombine the mayonnaise, Dijon and relish in a large bowl. Add the onion, bell pepper, and green onion and toss gently to combine. Add some salt, pepper, curry powder and garlic powder to taste. Add a few dashes of vinegar, then the potatoes. Combine, then top with the chopped egg and sprinkle with cayenne.nFor the pork: Prepare a grill for medium heat.nMix together the paprika, cayenne, garlic powder, mustard, onion powder, oregano, sugar, thyme and 1 tablespoon each of salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub the mixture all over the pork tenderloins. Grill until the internal temperature reaches 145 to 150 degrees on an instantread thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes. Let the meat rest for 10 minutes before carving.nServe the pork with the potato salad., ingredients: [10 to 15 red potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sweet relish, 12 red onion, finely diced, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, A few green onions, finely diced, Curry powder, for seasoning, Garlic powder, for seasoning, A few dashes of white wine vinegar, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped, Cayenne pepper, for seasoning, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pork tenderloins about 1 14 pounds each], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin and Curry Potato Salad, picturelink: yZ8YhDL0kWOrOTQAI0SQDWMhLP2Pwmq}, 27452: {instructions: Place the chicken pieces in a heavy bottomed saucepan or casserole. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Top the chicken with the pineapple chunks, pineapple juices, onions, red bell pepper, garlic, cinnamon stick and bay leaf. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and sherry, and pour evenly over the top of the chicken. Add chicken stock, if needed, to cover the chicken pieces with liquid. If you use canned pineapple chunks, the pineapple juice can be used instead of the chicken stock.nCover loosely and simmer over low heat until the chicken is tender and the sauce is reduced, about 45 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick and bay leaf.nTransfer the chicken, fruit and vegetables to individual plates and sprinkle with the almonds. Serve over rice and pour the sauce over the top., ingredients: [1 3 pound roasting chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and chopped, juices reserved, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock optional, 14 cup chopped almonds], title: Chicken with Pineapple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27453: {instructions: Soak wood plank in water 30 minutes to 2 hours. Blend maple syrup, ginger, lime juice, soy sauce and garlic. Brush or spoon 12 to 1 teaspoon glaze on each Alaska Salmon portion or all onto large filletsalmon side. Let the salmon rest 5 minutes before cooking. Heat grill to mediumhigh heat. Pat wood plank with paper towels and spraycoat or lightly oil one side. Place green onions on plank top with salmon. Grill salmon using indirect heat not directly over heat in covered grill for 10 to 15 minutes. Cook just until salmon is opaque throughout.nAdd 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes for additional heat, if desired., ingredients: [3 Tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger root, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1u00bd teaspoons fresh minced garlic, 1 bunch green onions, trimmed and sliced lengthwise for planking only, 1u00bd pounds Alaska Salmon], title: Planked Alaska Salmon with Asian Glaze, picturelink: YgYvPcsYJWZkgFhtV.9vt8PwoAhVHSO}, 27454: {instructions: Melt butter in small saute pan, and cook until it turns a golden brown. Drizzle in honey and stir to incorporate. Pour over cheese wedge and sprinkle with sea salt., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 pound Manchego cheese wedge, Sea salt], title: Manchego with Honey Brown Butter Sauce, picturelink: y7DX2N2X6MdkcsIXkM3FNwUnCNC3bj6}, 27455: {instructions: In a saucepan on medium heat, mix sugar, red wine, water, cloves and zests of orange and lemon. Cook until sugar is dissolved and sauce thickens to syrup consistency. Add pears to saucepan and simmer 1015 minutes until pears are heated through but not mushy. Remove pan from heat and stir in vanilla. Divide pears and syrup into individual dessert bowls, with syrup just barely covering the pears. Let pears cool in syrup for at least 20 minutes before serving. Serve with meringue or vanilla ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [4 pears, peeled and halved with stems removed Bosch Pears, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cup red wine, 1 12 cup water, 4 whole cloves, zest from 12 orange and 12 lemon, 1 tsp. vanilla], title: Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 27456: {instructions: In a 9inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat sweat shallots, garlic, hot pepper and oregano in the olive oil. About 2 minutes, until limp. Add vermouth and chicken stock, reduce this by half. Add sea urchin, cooking for 30 seconds. Whisk in butter, chunk at a time, breaking up urchins as you mix. Add parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Add lobster at the last minute. Toss in sauce, and the pour over spaghetti. Toss with spaghetti. Pasta: Use same dough as for tortellicut as spaghetti., ingredients: [2 tablespoons shallots, minced about 2, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon pinch crushed hot pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon of dry oregano, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup of sweet vermouth you may use white wine instead, 12 cup chicken stock, 4 ounces sea urchin 12 to 18 whole urchins, 12 cup butter, cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Salt and ground black pepper to taste, 12 pound shucked and cooked lobster meat], title: Sea Urchin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27457: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush corn with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 5 to 6 minutes, rotating on all sides, until the corn has some nice charred spots. Let cool and remove corn kernels from the cob.nAdd corn, brown rice, beans, red bell pepper, jalapeno, and green onions to a large bowl.nIn a smaller bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, cumin, garlic, cilantro, and salt and pepper. Fold dressing into the veggies and top with the crumbled cheese and toss., ingredients: [2 ears corn, husked, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 cup cooked brown rice, 2 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 bunch green onions, sliced, 1 small jalapeno, seeds and rib removed, diced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese], title: Mexican Brown Rice Salad, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 27458: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season pork chops all over with salt and black pepper and add to hot pan. Cook chops 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Add apricot preserves, soy sauce and ginger and bring to a simmer. Partially cover and simmer 5 minutes, until pork is cooked through. Remove from heat and stir in scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 4ounce boneless pork loin chops, 1 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 14 cup chopped scallions], title: SweetnSour Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 27459: {instructions: For the dough:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Sift the flour and salt into a mixing bowl. Using the large holes of a hand grater, grate the butter into the mixing bowl with the flour mixture. Lightly blend the butter and flour mixture with your fingertips until the texture is like coarse cornmeal. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Add the ice water and blend until thoroughly incorporated. Form the dough into a ball and place it on a floured cutting board. Roll out the dough, adding flour as necessary, to 18inch thick. Place an 8 12inch pie pan face down on the dough and cut the dough to fit the pan, leaving a border of about 1inch. Line the pie pan with the dough, trim the edges, and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the filling:nIn an electric mixer with the wire whisk attachment, add the eggs and beat on high speed until frothy, about 1 minute. Add the sugar, corn syrup, butter, vanilla, salt, and ground roasted pecans. Beat on medium speed until well blended. Stir in the pecan pieces. Pour the filling into the pie shell. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 40 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees and bake until the filling is browned on top and the crust is light golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool at room temperature for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 7 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 14 cup ice water, 3 eggs, 1 cup granulated white sugar, 1 cup dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup darkly roasted pecans, ground, 1 cup medium pecan pieces], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 27460: {instructions: Split leek in half lengthwise. Rinse under cold water to remove any dirt, remove the white bottom end and peel the layers apart. Fill a large bowl with ice water.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add the leeks to the boiling water and cook for about 20 seconds, remove and plunge into the ice water to cool. Remove leeks to a tray lined with a paper towel to dry. When dry cut each leek layer lengthwise in strips about 18inch thick and reserve.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine the flour, salt and pepper. In another small bowl whisk together the eggs and milk until well combined. Add the milk mixture to the dry mixture, whisking to prevent lumps, being careful not to overwork. In a small saute pan melt the butter until lightly browned and mix into the batter along with the chopped chives. Let batter rest while you make the filling.nIn a medium mixing bowl combine all of the ingredients for the filling, folding salmon in last and mix until just combined.nMelt a small amount of the butter in a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 2 ounces, about 14 cup, of the crepe batter to the hot skillet. Remove from the heat and tilt slightly to coat the entire pan evenly with batter. Return to the heat and cook until lightly browned on the bottom side, about 50 to 60 seconds. Using your fingertips or a rubber spatula, carefully turn the crepes over and cook on the second side for 10 to 15 seconds. Set the cooked crepe aside on a baking sheet to cool and repeat this process with the remaining batter. Should make 8 crepes.nWhen the crepes are cool lay out on a flat surface and with a spoon place some of the smoked salmon mixture in the center dividing evenly among the crepes. Pull the crepe together to form a little purse and tie the top of the crepe with one of the blanched leek strips. Serve 1 or 2 per person., ingredients: [1 leek, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, preferable gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more to cook crepes, 12 bunch chives, minced, 1 cup diced smoked salmon, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 34 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Smoked Salmon Beggars Purses, picturelink: 80X9xoAfxMOtvITHMwkRNz0qZM6rPse}, 27461: {instructions: Coat a large griddle or skillet with cooking spray and set pan over medium heat.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together eggs, milk, mustard, cinnamon, salt, and black pepper. Set aside.nSpread 1 tablespoon mango chutney on 4 slices of bread. Top with ham and cheese slices. Top with second slice of bread and transfer sandwiches to egg mixture. Turn to coat both sides.nTransfer sandwiches to hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until golden brown on the outside and cheese begins to melt., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons prepared mango chutney, 8 slices whole wheat bread, 12 ounces sliced baked ham, 8 ounces sliced Swiss cheese], title: Monte Cristo Sandwiches with Swiss and Ham, picturelink: null}, 27462: {instructions: To make soup: Chop tomatoes and toss with salt. Drain in colander over bowl for 15 minutes. Set tomato liquid aside and add tomatoes to food processor puree with vinegar, sugar, and lemon juice until smooth. Pour puree through a sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Discard solids. Stir in tomato liquid for desired consistency and salt and pepper, to taste. Soup may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Season soup again before serving.nStir tarragon into soup and thinly slice cherry tomatoes. Serve soup sprinkled with tomatoes, zucchini, and onion., ingredients: [3 pounds vineripened tomatoes about 8 medium, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sugar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 8 vineripened yellow cherry tomatoes, 14 cup finely chopped zucchini, 14 cup finely chopped red onion], title: Chilled Tarragon Tomato Soup with Vegetable Confetti, picturelink: null}, 27463: {instructions: In a small, dry skillet over mediumlow heat, toast the pepitas lightly. Dont allow them to brown. As soon as you begin to smell them, remove the pan from the heat and transfer to a large plate. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the halibut on both sides with 1 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet with an ovenproof handle over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer but is not smoking. Place the fillets skin side up in the hot oil and sear until the fish begins to turn color, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the fillets and add the lemon juice, wine, and butter to the pan. As soon as the butter melts and becomes foamy, add the capers and tomatoes and simmer until the tomatoes release some juices, about 1 minute.nPlace the pan in the oven until the fish is cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes. Baste the fish with some of the juices and transfer to serving plates. Add the cup torn basil, pepitas, and the remaining teaspoon of salt to the pan juices and stir until the basil is slightly wilted. Spoon the mixture over the fish, garnish with fresh basil leaves, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pepitas pumpkin seeds, 4 6 ounce halibut fillets, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 12 cup halved cherry tomatoes quartered if theyre big, 14 cup torn fresh basil, plus a handful of small leaves for garnish], title: Halibut with Pepitas, Capers, Cherry Tomatoes, and Basil, picturelink: gRTIGKsY.tA9BmNmESh4hG4JPOLZpn6}, 27464: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook as the label directs drain.nMist a baking sheet with cooking spray and arrange the tomato and baguette slices on it in a single layer season with salt and pepper. Bake until the bread is golden brown, about 7 minutes.nMince the shallots, carrot and celery in a food processor. Mist a saucepan with cooking spray. Add the vegetables and cook over mediumhigh heat until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Gradually stir in the broth and bring to a boil cook, stirring, until thickened, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat.nAdd the milk, cheeses and macaroni and stir until the cheeses melt. Season with pepper. Top the toasts with tomatoes serve on the soup.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 ounces elbow macaroni 1 cup, Cooking spray, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced 12 inch thick, 4 12inchthick slices baguette, Freshly ground pepper, 3 shallots, 1 carrot, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 34 cups fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14 cups 2 milk, 6 ounces shredded cheddar cheese about 1 12 cups, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Mac and Cheese Soup, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 27465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the dates on a small rimmed baking sheet and roast in the oven until heated through, about 15 minutes.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, cook the pancetta until it is threequarters crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the almonds and continue cooking until they brown, a few minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute or so. Add the red pepper flakes and stock and bring to a simmer, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the butter, stirring continuously until the butter is melted. Stir in the lemon juice and parsley.nAdd the dates to the pan and swirl and toss them in the sauce. Divide the cooked dates among 4 to 6 plates and spoon the sauce over them., ingredients: [2 cups pitted dates, 3 ounces pancetta, finely diced 12 cup, 12 cup sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup chicken stock, homemade if available, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Zest of 14 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Roasted Dates with Pancetta, Almonds and Chile, picturelink: PMBlwehInAaVihQ8ShU0PcsiEI6MVZS}, 27466: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Mist a foillined broiler pan with cooking spray. Put the mushrooms gillside down on the pan broil 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the spinach, breadcrumbs, mozzarella, chopped shallot, tomato, 2 tablespoons each pecorino and olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl.nRemove the mushrooms from the broiler and turn them gillside up on the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Mound the spinach filling on the mushrooms and top with the ricotta. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon pecorino and broil until the filling is heated through and the ricotta is lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the celery, sliced shallot and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Top with shaved pecorino. Divide the mushrooms among plates and serve with the celery salad. Drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 6inch portobello mushroom caps, 4 cups spinach, chopped, 1 cup breadcrumbs preferably panko, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 2 shallots 1 finely chopped, 1 thinly sliced, 1 large tomato, diced, 3 tablespoons grated pecorino romano cheese, plus shaved pecorino for topping, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 4 stalks celery, peeled and thinly sliced], title: CheeseStuffed Portobellos, picturelink: qkw5pK4X0Ux8wcYK3cERMvUX82qpAm}, 27467: {instructions: Special equipment: a large stockpot and blender 12 small teacups or demitasse cupsnIn a large stockpot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the asparagus, celery and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the vegetable stock and bay leaf and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Add the cream and simmer for another 10 minutes. Remove and throw away the bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the spinach to the soup and let wilt for about 1 minute. In batches, pour the soup into a blender and blend on high until smooth. Alternatively, use an immersion blender and puree in the pot. Stir well before transferring to 12 small teacups and serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large bunch asparagus, ends trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 8 cups vegetable stock, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh baby spinach], title: Creamy Asparagus Soup in Mini Teacups, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 27468: {instructions: Special equipment: Serves: 6 Calories: 422 Total Fat: 23 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 40 grams Total carbohydrates: 15 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 77 milligrams Sodium: 270 milligramsnHeat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic cook, stirring, until golden. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic to paper towels. Reserve the oil.nFill a pot with cold water. Add the juice of 2 lemons, then add the 2 lemon halves to the pot. Cut off the top inch of an artichoke with a serrated knife. Cut off the stem and snap off the tough outer leaves. Using a paring knife, cut away the tough green parts around the base, then halve the artichoke lengthwise and add to the pot. Repeat with the remaining artichokes. Add 14 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon of the reserved garlic oil to the pot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Simmer 4 minutes, then drain. Discard the lemon halves.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Thinly slice the remaining lemon. Pat the artichokes dry toss in a large baking dish with the onion, lemon slices, 2 tablespoons of the reserved garlic oil, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Spread in a single layer and roast on the upper oven rack, stirring once or twice, until tender and lightly charred, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush another large baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the reserved garlic oil. Add the salmon, skinside down, and rub with any remaining garlic oil. Sprinkle with the fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Roast the salmon on the lower oven rack until just cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Cut into 6 pieces and divide among plates. Serve with the roasted artichoke mixture. Top with the parsley and fried garlic.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 lemons, 16 baby artichokes, Kosher salt, 1 red onion, cut into thin wedges, Freshly ground pepper, 1 2 14pound salmon fillet in one piece, 1 14 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons torn fresh parsley], title: Salmon With Baby Artichokes, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 27469: {instructions: Vinaigrette:nIn a small bowl, whisk together the dill, vinegar, and oil. Fold in crumbled feta cheese. Season with pepper, to taste. Set aside until ready to dress salad.nSalad:nSaute Canadian bacon in a nonstick 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove bacon bits to a paper towellined plate to drain.nOn each of 4 salad plates, arrange in alternating layers: the tomato slices, onion slices, and lettuce wedges. Sprinkle with the Canadian bacon bits and divide vinaigrette evenly over the salads. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced fresh dill leaves, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 teaspoon cracked fresh black pepper, 14 cup diced Canadian bacon 6 ounces, 2 large beefsteak tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 head butter lettuce, cut into 8 small wedges], title: Dinner Salad, picturelink: null}, 27470: {instructions: Pulse the flour, shortening, sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Sprinkle in 14 cup ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 4 more tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse again.nDivide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pat each into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight, or freeze up to 2 months., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Basic Pie Dough, picturelink: null}, 27471: {instructions: Combine the stock and halved garlic head in a big saucepan and simmer for about 15 minutes to give the stock a nice, garlicky taste strain out the garlic. Keep warm.nBring a pot of salted water to boil for the rigatoni.nPour 14 cup olive oil in a large saucepan. Add the sage, rosemary and thyme and warm the oil over medium heat to infuse it with the flavor of the herbs, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up the sausage with the side of a big spoon until well browned. Chop the carrots, celery, and onion in a food processor. Add to the saucepan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the vegetables are softened but not browned.nTo the pan with the sausage stir in the crushed tomatoes, bay leaf, cannelloni beans, and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes stirring occasionally.nCook the rigatoni in the boiling water for 6 minutes it should be slightly underdone. Drain and stir into the simmering soup. Add the parsley, and salt and coarsely ground black pepper, to taste. Discard the bay leaf and herb sprigs.nTo serve, preheat the broiler. Put the baguette slices in a single layer on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the Parmigiano and broil until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown, about 3 minutes. Ladle the soup into bowls and float a couple of the baguette slices on top., ingredients: [2 quarts chicken stock, 1 head garlic, halved, 12 pound small rigatoni, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 fresh sage leaves, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 34 pound loose sweet Italian pork sausage, 2 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 2 celery ribs, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 28ounce can crushed plum tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 2 28ounce cans cannelloni beans, drained and rinsed, 12 bunch fresh parsley leaves, finely minced, Coarsely ground black pepper, 12 slices baguette, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Hunters Minestrone, picturelink: Xqa1Hw7uZ90CtDWYELJTTJaZjrnrvC}, 27472: {instructions: 1. Prepare an outdoor grill with a high fire. Brush grill grate lightly with oil. Lightly rub steak with some olive oil and sprinkle with herbes de Provence and salt and pepper to taste. Place tomatoes, scallions, and garlic cloves in a large bowl, coat with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste.n2. Place steak on grill, arrange vegetables around it, and grill 3 to 5 minutes, turning once, until an instantread thermometer inserted in the meat reads 120degreesF to 125degreesF for rare 125degreesF to 130degreesF for mediumrare or 130degreesF to 135degreesF for medium, and the vegetables are charred. Transfer steak and vegetables to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.n3. Core tomatoes once cool enough to handle. Squeeze garlic cloves from their skins and chop with tomatoes and scallions until chunky. Transfer vegetable relish, including juice, to a bowl and stir in remaining olive oil, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Slice meat against grain and on an angle, and transfer to a plate or platter. Serve with relish and grilled bread., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 flank steak about 112 pounds, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ripe medium tomatoes, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed, 8 whole garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon balsamic or red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Grilled thick slices crusty bread, for serving], title: Grilled Shell Steak with TomatoScallion Relish, picturelink: null}, 27473: {instructions: Combine the basil, Parmesan, pine nuts, parsley, oregano and garlic in a food processor or blender and process until finely ground. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil. Let stand for 5 minutes before using. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Serve with fresh pasta., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Greek oregano leaves, 3 large cloves garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Serving suggestion: fresh pasta], title: Basic Pesto, picturelink: null}, 27474: {instructions: In 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, stir fry the sliced onions, sliced green peppers, and sliced red peppers. Cook them for 2 minutes, or until softened.nIn another wok put a quart of peanut oil and heat it to 365 degrees. In a shallow bowl mix together 13 cup each cornstarch and flour. Dredge meat pieces in flour mixture. Add meat to wok. Deep fry pork until crunchy brown, about three minutes. Transfer meat with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nTo the wok with the stirfried vegetables add the pineapple dice, the pickled shallots, and the sauce. Simmer for one minute, then add the meat. Simmer until heated through. Add 1 tablespoon sesame oil and serve immediately.nTo make the marinade: In a bowl combine the first 6 ingredients and whisk them together. Cut the pork into 1inch cubes, and with the flat side of a cleaver or a meat pounder, lightly pound the cubes to loosen fibers. Add meat to marinade and toss to coat. Let the meat marinate, covered and chilled, for 1 hour.nTo make the sauce: In a bowl combine the sugar, salt, rice wine vinegar, tomato sauce, light soy sauce, and Shaosing wine. To a heated wok add the vegetable oil, minced garlic, and minced ginger. Stir fry 30 seconds. Add sauce ingredients from bowl and bring to a simmer. Stir in 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 23 cup canned chicken broth. Simmer mixture until lightly thickened, then keep it warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup sliced onions, 12 cup sliced green peppers, 12 cup sliced red peppers, 1 quart peanut oil, 13 cup cornstarch, 13 cup flour, 12 cup pineapple in 14inch dice, 12 cup pickled shallots, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon Shaosing wine, 2 teaspoons light soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound boneless loin of pork, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Shaosing wine, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 23 cup canned chicken broth], title: Sweet and Sour Pork, picturelink: null}, 27475: {instructions: To make the meringues: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer combine the egg whites, sugar and salt. It will be very thick and grainy.nPut the bowl over a double boiler and stir with a rubber spatula until the sugar is completely melted. This can take several minutes. You want to brush the sides down with the spatula to make sure all the sugar is melted and no grains are clinging to the sides.nFeel the egg mixture between your fingers to check for graininess. Once it is completely smooth, put it on your stand mixer and beat with the whip attachment on mediumhigh speed.nBeat it until it is light, fluffy, and glossy and the bowl feels just about room temperature. Add the scraped vanilla seeds and whip until they are evenly distributed.nUse a spoon to create mounds of the meringue on the parchment.nWet the spoon and make a well in the center of the mound.nBake the meringues for 1 12 hours. Turn off the heat and allow the meringues to sit in the oven for 30 more minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely before filling.nTo make the curd: In a bowl set over a double boiler, with an inch of simmering water below, whisk together the yolks, egg, sugar, lemon juice, zest and lavender.nStir the mixture constantly until it starts to thicken, this can take several minutes. Add the butter and continue stirring until the butter is incorporated into the curd and it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. When you draw a line through the curd, it should be thick enough to stay put. Strain the curd into a container, cover with plastic place it directly on the surface of the curd, to prevent a thick skin from forming and place in the freezer for about 15 minutes or until cool, but not frozen.nOnce it is cooled, fill the meringues with the lemonlavender curd. Sprinkle with the lavender buds and serve., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 1 14 cups sugar, Pinch salt, 1 vanilla bean, scraped of its seeds or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 egg yolks, 1 large egg, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried lavender buds, plus more for sprinkling over the top of the tarts, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1tablespoon pieces], title: LemonLavender Meringues, picturelink: null}, 27476: {instructions: Squeeze the juice of one orange and one lemon, making sure there are no seeds. Chop the remaining orange and lemon. Add the juice and chopped citrus to a pitcher. Mix in the apples, nectarine, sugar, cloves, cinnamon, vanilla bean, red wine, and brandy, and let sit in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, overnight is best.nWhen the party is about to start, add a few ice cubes to the glasses, top off the sangria with some club soda and fill the glasses, ingredients: [2 oranges, 2 lemons, 12 green apple, cored and chopped into small pieces, 12 red apple, cored and chopped into small pieces, 1 nectarine, pitted and sliced, 12 cup sugar, 6 cloves, 12 vanilla bean, 1 stick cinnamon, 2 bottles red wine recommended: Spanish wine or Cannonau from Sardegna, 1 shot brandy, 1 cup club soda], title: Sangria, picturelink: null}, 27477: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of two 9inch round cake pans line the bottoms with parchment paper. Butter the parchment and dust the bottom and side of each pan with flour, tapping out the excess. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until creamy, about 1 minute. Add the granulated sugar and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time until incorporated, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in three batches, alternating with the milk in two batches, until just incorporated. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until smooth, about 30 seconds.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and lightly tap each against the counter to remove any air bubbles. Bake until lightly golden and a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the pans, then turn out onto a rack to cool completely discard the parchment.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Beat the cream cheese and coffee extract in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. If using a stand mixer, switch to the whisk attachment. Add 1 12 cups heavy cream and the confectioners sugar and beat until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide the filling between 2 small bowls about 1 heaping cup each. Stir together the remaining 1 tablespoon heavy cream and the espresso powder in a small bowl to make a paste fold into one bowl of filling. Fold the cocoa powder into the other bowl of filling. Refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter and cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon coffee extract, the vanilla and salt until just combined. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and beat until fluffy, about 4 more minutes set aside.nMake the ganache: Put the chocolate in a small bowl. Heat the heavy cream in a small saucepan until steaming, then pour over the chocolate. Let sit 5 minutes, then stir until melted and smooth. Stir in the remaining 12 teaspoon coffee extract let sit until cool but still pourable, about 1 hour.nAssemble the cake: Using a long serrated knife, carefully slice each cake in half horizontally to make 2 thin layers brush the cut sides of each cake with coffee liqueur, if desired. Put 1 cake layer cutside up on a plate and spread with 1 heaping cup frosting. Top with another cake layer and spread the coffee filling over the top. Top with another cake layer and spread with the cocoa filling. Top with the remaining cake layer. Frost the top and side of the cake with the remaining frosting. Pour the ganache over the top and gently spread with an offset spatula, letting it drip down the side. If the ganache is too thick to pour, microwave in 10second intervals until smooth. Let set about 20 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [16 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 2 14 cups cake flour, plus more for the pans, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup whole milk, Coffee liqueur, for brushing optional, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon coffee extract, 1 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon cold heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons coffee extract, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Tiramisu Layer Cake, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 27478: {instructions: SPREAD bread slices with mayonnaise.nFILL with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 slice Hawaiian bread, cut in half, 1 Tbsp. KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP Hot  Spicy Flavored Mayonnaise, 1 KRAFT Deli Fresh Swiss Cheese Slice, 5 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Honey Ham, 2 tsp. chopped cilantro, 14 cup canned crushed pineapple, drained, 2 thin red onion slices], title: The Maui Wowie, picturelink: null}, 27479: {instructions: Making the cheesecake:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a food processor pulverize the chocolate sandwich cookies, butter, sugar and salt.nPour into a 9inch springform pan and pat flat with your fingertips, bringing the cookie crumbs up the sides slightly. Bake the crust for about 10 minutes or until set.nIn a stand mixer, fitted with the beater blade, mix the cream cheese on low speed, scraping down the sides to make sure it is smooth. Add the sugar and sour cream.nAdd the eggs and yolks one at a time, mixing well after each. Add the salt and vanilla.nSplit the batter into two bowls. Add the peanut butter to one bowl and add the jelly to the second.nPlace the pan on a baking sheet. Spread the peanut butter batter over the crust, smoothing out the top.nVery carefully add the jelly batter over the peanut butter batter.nPlace the cheesecake in the center of the oven. Place a second baking sheet on a lower shelf and fill it with water. The water will create steam in the oven and prevent the cheesecake from developing a hard crust. Bake for about 60 minutes or until set in the center. The top will souffle slightly.nAllow the cheesecake to cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 4 hours. After one hour in the refrigerator, loosely cover with plastic.nCarefully run a thinbladed knife around the edge of the pan. Unmold the cake from the pan.nTo make the ganache:nIn a saucepan, bring the cream to a simmer. Remove from the heat, add the butter and chopped chocolate. Allow to sit for 2 minutes, then stir gently, until totally smooth.nPlace the cheesecake on a cooling rack that is sitting above a baking sheet, lined with parchment. This will catch the excess ganache.nLet the cake sit on the rack until the ganache has set up, about 45 minutes.nTo decorate the sides see the above video.nUse a thin knife, dipped in a pitcher of hot water to cut the cake.nWhen you cut into it, the peanut butter and jelly layers will reveal themselves., ingredients: [20 whole chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup sour cream, 5 eggs, 2 yolks, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup jelly if you are using one that is pale, you may consider a drop of food coloring to perk up the color, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 27480: {instructions: Fill a large stockpot with 1 gallon water. Bring water to a boil, add the crabs, and cook until tender and cooked through. Remove crabs when done and set aside to cool. Over high heat, reduce the cooking liquid until 1 quart remains to make crab stock. When crabs are cool enough, pick the crabmeat and reserve should yield about 1 pound of meat.nMeanwhile, place potatoes in a large saucepan with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook potatoes until al dente. Drain and then place potatoes in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Melt the butter over mediumlow heat in the same saucepan. Add onion, celery, red and green peppers, and saute until tender. Add flour and continue cooking for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add crab stock, potatoes, halfandhalf, smoked corn, sherry pepper sauce, rum, and crabmeat, and cook until all heated through. Garnish with paprika., ingredients: [12 Jonah crabs, 2 cups potatoes, cut into 14inch dice, 14 pound 1 stick butter, 1 cup onion, finely diced, 12 cup celery, finely diced, 14 cup red pepper, finely diced, 14 cup green pepper, finely diced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 gallon halfandhalf, 2 cups hickory smoked corn from 6 ears corn, 1ounce sherry pepper sauce recommended: Outerbridges Sherry Pepper Sauce, 1ounce rum recommend: Mount Gay, Paprika, for garnish], title: Smoked Corn and Crab Chowder with Mount Gay Rum, picturelink: null}, 27481: {instructions: Cut 12 honeydew melon into small, thin pieces. Puree 12 cup of the melon pieces with 13 cup mixed fresh herbs, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lime juice, and salt and pepper. Toss with 10 ounces baby arugula and 1 cup of the melon pieces. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Honeydew and Arugula Salad, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 27482: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nCut the potatoes in halves or quarters, depending on their size, and place them on a sheet pan. Remove the ends of the onions, peel them, and cut them in half. Slice them crosswise in 14inchthick slices to make halfrounds. Toss the onions and potatoes together on the sheet pan. Add the olive oil, mustard, 2 teaspoons salt, and the pepper and toss them together. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until the potatoes are lightly browned on the outside and tender on the inside. Toss the potatoes from time to time with a metal spatula so they brown evenly.nServe hot sprinkled with chopped parsley and a little extra salt., ingredients: [2 12 pounds small red potatoes or small Yukon Gold potatoes, 2 yellow onions, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: MustardRoasted Potatoes, picturelink: .QyS5xsszWkhZiRQJPJVVflvMEg9mIW}, 27483: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 360 degrees F.nPlace the flour in a small shallow mixing bowl or pie plate. Add the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, black pepper, salt and cayenne, and stir to combine. Place the beaten eggs in another bowl, and place the panko in a third bowl.nDredge a fillet in the flour, then dip in the eggs and finish with a coating of panko. Repeat for the remaining fillets. Place the fillets in the oil and fry until golden, 4 to 6 minutes.nPlace each fillet on a roll. Top each with 12 cup shredded lettuce and some pickle slices. Finish with 2 tablespoons Homemade Tartar Sauce or serve it alongside.nPlace the mayonnaise, chives, cornichons, parsley, capers, lemon juice, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor or mini chopper fitted with a steel blade, and pulse until the pickles are finely chopped and all the ingredients are mixed but not pureed., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Four 6 to 8ounce white fish fillets, 4 hoagie rolls, 2 cups shredded lettuce, 12 cup pickle slices, 12 cup Homemade Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Captain Jacks Fried Fish Sandwich with Homemade Tartar Sauce, picturelink: 0qQNXOTZOQAarvUQBL24Yrd1gGS2o66}, 27484: {instructions: Place the water and barley into a medium saucepan cover, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Once the barley comes to a boil, decrease the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. While the liquid is cooking, peel the lemons, being careful not to cut into the white pith. Juice the lemons and place the juice along with the peel into a 3quart pitcher and set aside.nAfter 30 minutes, strain the barley water through a fine mesh strainer into the pitcher. Discard the barley. Add the honey and stir to combine. Refrigerate until chilled., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 cup hulled barley, 2 lemons, 14 cup honey], title: Barley Water, picturelink: null}, 27485: {instructions: Clean and peel potatoes. Using a French fry cutter, cut the potatoes into fries or, alternatively, cut the potatoes into desired size. Place the fries in a large bowl filled with cold water and let sit for 1 hour and up to 24 hours for extracrispy fries.nIn a saucepan, heat the vegetable oil on medium heat and saute the shallots and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the veal stock, ketchup, cider vinegar, peppercorns, and Worcestershire sauce and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, in a separate saucepan on mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the flour and stir for 2 to 3 minutes, making a roux. Allow to brown slightly. Whip the roux mixture into the stock and let simmer for about 20 minutes, until reduced by half and thickened. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nIn a deepfryer set to 250 degrees F, blanch the fries in oil for about 2 minutes. Remove the fries and let them rest for about 5 minutes. Then, fry them again for about 2 minutes or until golden brown. Place on a paper towellined baking tray to absorb the excess oil. Salt and pepper the fries while hot. Remove the sauce from the stovetop and strain. Plate the fries in a shallow bowl, pour sauce on top and garnish with cheese curds., ingredients: [6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 4 cups veal stock, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon whole green peppercorns, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups Cheddar cheese curds See Cooks Note, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Chucks Awesome Poutine, picturelink: null}, 27486: {instructions: Prepare grill with a medium fire for directheat cooking. In a small bowl, combine aioli ingredients. Reserve 2 tablespoons for burgers and chill remainder until serving time.nCombine soy sauce, honey, and rice vinegar in a small, heavy saucepan. Mix cornstarch and 1 tablespoon wine in a small bowl until smooth and add to soy mixture. Place over grill and stir mixture until glaze boils and thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, sip a glass of Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc, saving remainder for grilling. Set glaze aside. In a large bowl, whisk together egg, aioli, sour cream, lime juice, and chili sauce. Stir in salmon, onion, mint, bread crumbs, and salt to combine. Coat hands with vegetable oil and form 4 patties. Brush grill with vegetable oil and grill patties until browned on bottom, about 3 minutes. Turn patties and brush cooked side with soy glaze. Cook 3 minutes, turn, and brush other side with glaze. Grill just until done, about 4 to 6 minutes, turning and brushing with glaze frequently. During the last few minutes of cooking toast buns, cut side down, on outside of grill. Place cucumber strips on bottom half of bun, top with burgers, aioli, and bun tops. Garnish with sprouts, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup reducedcalorie or regular mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon plus 1 glass chilled Sutter Home Sauvignon Blanc, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons aioli, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Asian hot chili sauce or bottled hot sauce, 1 14 pounds skinless salmon fillets, chopped finely, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 23 cup bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, 4 sesame buns, split, 12 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and julienned, Radish or soy bean sprouts for garnish, optional], title: SoyGlazed Salmon Burgers with Ginger Lime Aioli, picturelink: null}, 27487: {instructions: Process all ingredients in a juicer., ingredients: [2 1by1inch pieces of ginger, 1 whole lemon, peeled, 4 to 5 green apples], title: The Killer, picturelink: null}, 27488: {instructions: Add shells and garlic to a large pot of boiling and salted water. Cook for 5 minutes and stir in florets. Cook for 1 minute or until broccoli is tender and drain. Locate garlic clove and push through garlic press into large bowl. Add shells and broccoli to bowl. Stir in tomatoes, feta cheese, olives and oil. Toss to coat and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces medium shells, Boiling salted water, 1 clove peeled garlic, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 12 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup sliced Kalamata olives, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Pasta Shells with Broccoli, Feta and Olives, picturelink: null}, 27489: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat milk to a boil. Remove from heat, add sugar and cool to 110 degrees F. Mix together warm milk and yeast and let sit for a few minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Sift together flour, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Using a wooden spoon, add flour mixture to the milk mixture. Mix in egg yolks, melted butter and lemon zest. Turn mixture out onto a wellfloured surface. Knead to form a dough. Place dough in a clean, lightly oiled bowl and cover with a towel. Place in a warm, draftfree area and let rise for 1 12 hours. Remove dough from bowl and place on a floured surface. Roll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Using a 3inch round cookie cutter, cut the dough into 24 circles. Place 12 of the circles on a parchment lined sheet pan. Spoon 1 teaspoon of filling into the center of each circle. Brush beaten egg around the perimeter of each of the 12 circles. Place another circle on top of the raspberry filling and press around the edges to seal. Cover the tray with a towel and let rise another 30 minutes in a warm, draftfree location. In a large, deep pot, heat the oil to 325 degrees F. When the doughnuts have risen, fry them in the oil, a few at a time, turning often until both sides are golden brown, about 6 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with powdered sugar.nIn a saucepan, combine 1 pound raspberries, sugar and lemon juice. Cook over low heat until sugar dissolves and raspberries begin to break down. Remove from heat and transfer to a food processor. Puree until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a saucepan. Cook over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add in 12cup whole raspberries. Cook for 1 more minute. Remove from heat, whisk in cornstarch mixture. Return to high heat, bringing to a boil, whisking constantly until mixture is thick. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon dry yeast, 3 cups flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 6 cups vegetable oil, 2 cups raspberry filling, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Powdered sugar, for garnish, 1 pound raspberries, plus 12 cup whole raspberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 12 teaspoon cold water], title: Spiced Raspberry Jelly Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 27490: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread out a layer using half of the tortilla chips on a large ovenproof platter. Make an even layer using half the Game Time Chili, then add half the Cheddar and pepper Jack, then half the sliced jalapenos. Save some of the jalapeno slices for garnish.nPlace the platter in the oven and bake until the cheese has melted, 5 to 10 minutes. Prepare a second ovenproof platter with the remainder of the ingredients. Top the nachos with the Pico de Gallo and garnish with the remaining jalapenos. Serve hot with the sour cream on the side.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, celery, bell peppers, jalapenos and onions and sprinkle over the salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, and cook until it starts to brown. Stir in the chili powder and cumin and cook until the chicken is fully browned, about 6 minutes. Add the tomatoes, kidney beans and pinto beans and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until the flavors are blended and the chili begins to thicken, about 1 hour.nPlace the cilantro, salt, pepper, tomatoes, garlic, jalapenos, onions, lime juice and lemon zest in a bowl and mix to combine., ingredients: [One large 13ounce bag wholewheat tortilla chips, 1 14 cups Game Time Chili, recipe follows, or your favorite chili recipe, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 34 cup shredded pepper Jack cheese, 1 jalapeno, sliced crosswise, plus extra for serving, 1 cup Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 34 cup reducedfat sour cream, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 to 2 bell peppers, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound ground chicken, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Two 14.5ounce cans petitecut diced tomatoes, One 15.5ounce can red kidney beans, One 15ounce can pinto beans, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 plum tomatoes, diced about 1 12 pounds, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, diced, 12 sweet Vidalia onion, diced, Juice of 1 lime, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Spicy Nachos with Fresh Pico De Gallo, picturelink: 7NmAPsigRUi8jfrnOPWd3yy595vri1C}, 27491: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pull the neck and giblets out of the cavity ditch the liver and save the rest of the giblets for gravy. Dry the turkey with paper towels, then season inside and out with salt and pepper. Fill the turkey with aromatics like chopped onions, carrots, apples and herbs, then place breastside up in a roasting pan and brush with melted butter. Tent with foil and roast for 2 hours for a 10 to 12pound turkey add an extra 15 minutes per pound for larger birds. Remove the foil, baste with more melted butter and crank the oven to 425 degrees F. Roast for another hour or until the meat at the thigh registers 165 degrees F. Let rest while you make the gravy.nPhotograph by Anita Calero, ingredients: [], title: Worlds Simplest Thanksgiving Turkey, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 27492: {instructions: To make the ice cream, split and scrape the seeds of the vanilla bean into the sugar and use your fingers to spread the seeds throughout. Bring milk, cream, and half of the sugar to a boil. Whisk the rest of the sugar with the yolks. Temper the yolks by gradually whisking in about 12 cup of the hot cream mixture. Whisk the tempered yolks back into the remaining cream and strain through a fine sieve or chinois. Chill. Process the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions. When done, fold the grape jelly into the ice cream.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTo make the cookies, first melt butter, add oats and cook over medium heat until toasted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Chill. Cream the butter, baking soda, salt, and sugars until fluffy. Add peanut butter. Add oats, then flour on low speed. Roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out desired shapes and place on sheet pan. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until golden brown.nTo make the filling, cream all the ingredients together and chill.nSpread filling on 1 cooled cookie, and top with another cookie to sandwich together. Continue for the rest of the cookies. Serve with a scoop of grape jelly ice cream., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, split, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 9 egg yolks, 1 cup Concord grape jelly, 1 12 cups butter, 2 cups oats, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 ounces butter, 34 teaspoons salt, 13 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup peanut butter], title: Peanut Butter Cookies with Grape Jelly Ice Cream, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 27493: {instructions: Combine these five ingredients in a pot over medium heat and bring to a simmernCombine ingredients and whip them in a mixer until they reach fluffy but sticky consistancynPour cider mixture in a cappuccino cup and spoon meringue on top. Place chocolate into a small cup or shot glass with spoon. Garnish with blackberries. EnjoynYield : 2 servings, ingredients: [16 ounces Apple Cider, 3 ounces honey, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 4 eggs, Egg whites only, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon cardomon, 14 cup mint, 15 Blackberries, 2 ounces of chocolate, melted], title: Warm Chocolate Cider Cappuccino with Blackberry Cardomon Meringue, picturelink: null}, 27494: {instructions: You need a heavybottomed frying pan. If it is large, make two frittate. If it is smaller, make four.nIf you have no leftover risotto, cook the rice in double the quantity of boiling salted water for 10 minutes and drain. Stir all the other ingredients except for the butter into the cooked rice or risotto.nFor each frittata, melt 18 stick of butter in the pan. Put in enough rice mixture to make a flat, even pizzalike round. Cook on a very low heat, turning the pan round slowly clockwise so that it cooks evenly. When the bottom has turned crisp and golden, cover the pan with a large plate, invert it to turn out the frittata, add more butter to the pan, and cook the other side the same way. Dont get tempted to hurry the procedure. The end result will be worth your patience., ingredients: [Leftover risotto, or 1 23 cups Carnaroli rice or Vialone nano or Arborio, Generous 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, beaten, 6 tablespoons fresh tomato sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 basil leaves, Salt and black pepper, 14 to 12 stick butter for frying], title: Frittata di Riso Rice Omelet, picturelink: null}, 27495: {instructions: Equipment: molinillo a specialty tool made of wood used for the purpose of making hot chocolatenCut the chocolate into small pieces. In a saucepan, bring the milk to a scald. Add the chocolate and mix with a molinillo until very frothy. Serve immediately.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 3.3 ounce tablets Mexican chocolate, 4 cups milk], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 27496: {instructions: In a large pot over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the flour, stirring constantly for 1 minute, until the flour is just slightly golden. Slowly add the chicken stock, whisking constantly to avoid lumps. Whisk in the milk and add the corn cobs and thyme to the pot. Bring to a simmer and cook about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally to infuse the corn flavor into the soup. Remove the cobs and thyme from the pot. Stir in the corn kernels and shredded chicken. Bring back to a simmer, remove from the heat, ladle into bowls and serve hot., ingredients: [3 strips bacon, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 tablespoons flour, One 15ounce can chicken broth, 3 cups milk, 3 ears white corn, kernels removed and cobs reserved, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 12 cups shredded chicken from storebought rotisserie chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and White Corn Chowder, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 27497: {instructions: For the Icebox Cake:nWhisk together allpurpose flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Reserve.nCombine the butter, peanut butter and light brown sugar in another medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture and blend until just combined. Shape the dough into a log: Place it onto a piece of plastic wrap about 18 inches long. Use your hands to pat the dough into a log about 7 inches long and 2 inches around. Roll the plastic wrap around the dough. Twist both ends of the wrap, like a candy, and tighten both sides until the dough log is compact and tightly wrapped this might cause the dough to shrink down to a 6inch log instead of a 7inch log, but that is okay. Tuck the twisted ends under the dough and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange 2 racks in the middle of the oven. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the plastic wrap from the dough and use a serrated knife to slice the dough into 18inch thick rounds. Place the rounds about 1 inch apart on the baking sheets, about 12 cookies per baking sheet. Press a halved peanut in to the center of each cookie. If the dough is still very cold, it might crack slightly around the peanut. Simply use your finger to lightly push the dough back together.nBake the cookies until the edges are very lightly browned, 1012 minutes. Halfway through cooking, rotate the baking sheets front to back and top to bottom.nCool the cookies slightly on the baking sheets for 5 minutes then transfer to a cooling rack and cool completely.nPlace the heavy cream and confectioners sugar in to a large mixing bowl and use a hand mixer to whip until stiff peaks.nLine a 1.5 quart loaf pan with plastic wrap. The plastic wrap should come up the sides of the loaf pan and have at least a 2inch overhang. On the bottom of the loaf pan, lay 5 cookies facesidedown in a single layer. The cookies should touch but not overlap. Spread 1 cup of whipped cream evenly over the cookies. Continue this layering process 3 more times. Place the last 4 cookies on the whipped cream and top the cookies with any of the remaining whipped cream. Fold the plastic wrap over the top of the loaf pan so that the entire top layer is covered. Refrigerate overnight.nFor the Peanut Butter Glaze:nRight before serving, whisk together the milk, confectioners sugar, and peanut butter until smooth in a mixing bowl.nTo serve, flip the icebox cake out on to a platter and remove the plastic wrap. Drizzle the glaze all over the top of the icebox cake. Reserve extra peanut butter glaze to drizzle over individual slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup smooth peanut butter, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 peanuts, halved, 3 cups heavy cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons milk, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup smooth peanut butter], title: Icebox Cake with Slice and Bake Peanut Butter Sandies, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 27498: {instructions: Place rack in center of oven and heat to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter 2 9inch round cake pans. Line with parchment paper, and dust sides with cocoa tapping out excess. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine 34 cup cocoa, the sugar, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add butter or oil, milk, eggs, and vanilla. Using a handheld electric mixer on medium speed, beat for 2 minutes. Add boiling water and beat to combine batter will be thin. Divide batter evenly between prepared pans.nBake until cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in pans for 10 minutes. Run a paring knife around edge of cakes to loosen them from pan. Invert on to a wire rack to cool completely.nPlace 1 layer, topside up, onto a serving plate. Using an offset spatula, spread with 1 cup of frosting. Top with remaining layer, bottomside up and frost with remaining frosting.nIn a medium saucepan, melt butter. Add cocoa and beat with a handheld electric mixer to combine.nAlternately add confectioners sugar and milk, beating on medium speed until frosting reaches a spreading consistency. Add vanilla and beat to combine. Add additional milk or sugar as needed to achieve desired consistency.nYield: about 4 cups, ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled or vegetable oil, plus more for pans, 34 cup cocoa powder, plus more for pans, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, room temperature, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water, Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 13 cups cocoa powder, 6 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, more if needed, 23 cup milk, more if needed, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Hersheys Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 27499: {instructions: Combine the Dijon and coarsegrain mustards with the honey in a small bowl. Using a pastry brush, spread the mustardhoney mixture on both sides of each pork slice.nDip the pork in the egg, then in the bread crumbs to coat both sides.nLightly coat a heavy 12inch skillet with the cooking spray and set over moderate heat for 30 seconds. Add the pork and cook about 4 minutes on each side or until crisp and lightly browned. Garnish with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon or spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon coarsegrain or spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 34 pound boneless lean pork shoulder butt, sliced 14 inch thick and pounded thin, 1 small egg, lightly beaten with 34 teaspoon water, 12 cup fine dry bread crumbs, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 mediumsize lemon, cut into thin wedges optional], title: Pork Scallopine with Honey Mustard, picturelink: null}, 27500: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover 2 sheet trays with parchment paper.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nAdd the butter and sugars to a large bowl and beat with an electric hand mixer until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the vanilla and egg and beat until incorporated. Add the flour mixture in increments, beating until well combined. Briefly beat in the coconut flakes, chocolate chips and pecans until mixed together. Using your hands, roll the dough into walnutsize balls and drop 8 on a sheet tray, leaving 2 12 inches of space between them. Flatten them slightly. Bake 13 minutes. Let cool on the sheet tray 5 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 34 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Chocolate Coconut Cookies, picturelink: Uan6CTjfQPA7YzXkpkUNhe44ZbdfAua}, 27501: {instructions: In a large skillet over high heat, bring the orange juice to a boil. Add the sugar, reduce to medium heat and simmer for 2 minutes.nRemove from heat and add the orange liqueur and orange sections. Set aside.nIn a pot, combine the orange zest and grenadine. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 2 minutes. Set aside.nWorking in batches, gently place a crepe into the pan holding the orange juice and orange sections. Leave for 1 minute to absorb some juice.nUsing a narrow spatula, remove the crepe to a warm serving plate. Roll the crepe into a cylinder. Spoon on some orange sections. Using a fork, pick some orange zest from the grenadine syrup and distribute it over the crepe. Top with vanilla ice cream and serve immediately.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook until the butter becomes brownish  this gives it a nutty flavor. Dont let any of the butter turn black. Have a small bowl nearby so that you can pour off the butter as soon as it turns brown. Let cool.nIn a large mixing bowl alternately, use a blender to mix all ingredients together, blend the sugar, cake flour, and salt. Add the eggs and whisk well. Whisk in the oil and the brown butter. Pour in about 12 cup milk and whisk  the mixture should form a thick paste. Pour in the remaining milk a little at a time while mixing and then add the rum or Grand Marnier or vanilla bean, and lemon zest.nHeat the crepe pan over medium heat for about a minute. Cover the surface of the pan with clarified butter until it gets sizzling hot.nLadle some batter onto the middle of the 8inch crepe pan and immediately start swirling the pan to distribute the batter over the surface. Pour the batter so that its very thin on the pan  and remember, move the pan, not the ladle.nCook the crepe for about 30 to 60 seconds heat may vary or until its brown around the edge and dry in the center. Using a thin spatula it resembles a long tongue depressor, flip the crepe quickly and cook for about 15 seconds.nUsing the spatula, remove the crepe to a warm plate. Sprinkle the crepe with sugar. Repeat with the remaining batter. After the first few crepes, you shouldnt have to add more butter to the pan.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [5 navel oranges, juiced about 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier optional, 6 navel oranges, peeled and sectioned, 1 orange, zested, 12 cup grenadine, Basic Dessert Crepes, recipe follows, Vanilla ice cream, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 cups cake flour, Pinch salt, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 cups milk, 1 tablespoon rum or Grand Marnier, or 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 lemon, zest finely grated], title: Crepes Suzette, picturelink: null}, 27502: {instructions: Place butter and minced shallot in a 1quart sauce pot over medium heat. Cook until translucent. Add morels and a pinch of salt. Cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add white wine and reduce by twothirds. Add heavy cream, turn down the heat and simmer for 20 minutes, until the sauce coats the back of a spoon.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm until ready to serve with chicken breasts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 cups loosely packed fresh morels, 12 cup white wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Morel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27503: {instructions: It is very important that you use the best available chicken in the market, preferably organic, in order to get the best results. Roasted potatoes are a great side for this dish. Simply place raw potatoes underneath your chicken when roasting. They will be perfectly cooked when your chicken is ready.nTake the chicken out of the packaging and rinse it thoroughly under cold running water and pat dry. Place the chicken in the refrigerator and let it dry for at least 12 hours, or until the chicken skin is somewhat dry.nTake cheesecloth and form it into a small ball a tennis ball size tied up with butchers string. Put the ball in a bowl with 2 teaspoons salt, the rosemary or thyme sprig, 1 marjoram sprig and the whole black peppercorns. Fill the bowl with water so that the water level is slightly above the cheesecloth ball and put it in the refrigerator for 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nTake the chicken out of the refrigerator and make sure that it is completely dry. Rub the olive oil over the surface of the chicken and sprinkle evenly with the remaining 1 tablespoon salt. Loosen the skin over the breast and slide the remaining 2 sprigs marjoram under each side. Take the cheesecloth ball, squeeze out slightly the excess brine, and stick it into the chicken cavity along with the half lemon. Tie the legs together with butchers twine. Place the chicken breastside up on a baking rack and tuck the wings under the shoulders.nPlace the chicken in the oven and roast until the skin dries up and the salt becomes white, 15 to 20 minutes. Increase the temperature by 25 degrees every 15 minutes until you reach 375 degrees F. Continue this process until the chicken is cooked. To check the chicken for doneness, insert a thermometer into the breast part below the wings and read the heat. If the chicken has reached 165 degrees F and the skin is somewhat crispy, shut down the oven and let it rest for another 10 minutes. If you like to have crispier skin, turn on your broiler for 2 to 3 minutes until the skin gets darker.nCut the chicken into quarters and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 3 12 to 4pound organic chicken, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 sprig fresh rosemary or thyme, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 lemon], title: HomeRoasted Chicken, picturelink: uv0KUHZht4LS6mVmhOlBVWNkBokT8W}, 27504: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace slivers of garlic on the inside of the turkey breast and roll into neat package, tie with kitchen twine. Rub olive oil all over the roast and season with salt and pepper. If turkey breast was purchased tied, make small slits on the outside of the roast and insert the slivered garlic into the slits.nPut the onion, celery, and chopped garlic in roasting pan with 12 cup of the stock. Lay seasoned turkey breast roll on top. Lightly tent pan with foil. Add more stock, as necessary, to keep vegetables from burning. Roast for about 45 minutes, until internal temperature registers 160 degrees F.nRemove and let cool in pan. When turkey is room temperature, wrap well in plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 2 days. Discard the onion, celery, and garlic.nTo make the sauce: Put the tuna, anchovies, 2 tablespoons of parsley, olive oil, and lemon juice in blender. Using short pulses, puree the mixture. Scrape the sides down frequently and stir to ensure even blending. When smooth, add the mayonnaise, capers, and white pepper and blend. Add the cream, a little at a time until you have desired texture and flavor. Additional white pepper, lemon, or anchovy may be added at this point, if desired. The sauce may be prepared up to 2 days in advance and refrigerated.nTo serve, arrange the selection of greens, fennel, and corn on platter. Drizzle lightly with olive oil, season with salt, pepper, and a squeeze of lemon. Slice turkey thinly, about 18inch thick, and arrange on top of the greens. Drizzle with the sauce. Garnish with minced parsley and olives., ingredients: [3 12 pounds boneless turkey breast, 1 clove garlic slivered, plus 1 clove garlic roughly chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 12 cup chicken stock, plus more, as needed, 1 6 to 7ounce can tuna packed in olive oil, 5 anchovy fillets packed in olive oil, drained, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 14 cup for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoon capers, drained, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 12 cup cream, plus more if desired, 2 cups combined endive, mache andor arugula, 1 cup shaved fennel, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, blanched, Extravirgin olive oil, as desired, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Squeeze lemon juice, 12 cup pitted Nicoise olives, Marinated roasted peppers, store bought, Marinated mushrooms, store bought], title: Turkey Tonnato, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 27505: {instructions: Heat the butter and olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until softened, about 4 minutes.nAdd the mussels, wine, saffron, and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Give it a good stir, cover the pot, and cook until all the mussels open, about 8 to 10 minutes. Discard any mussels that have not opened. Transfer to a large bowl and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [12 stick butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds mussels, 2 cups white wine, 1 pinch saffron, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mussels with Saffron Butter Broth, picturelink: null}, 27506: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the sauce: In the bowl of a food processor, add the tahini, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, chipotle and adobo sauce and salt and pepper to taste and process until smooth. If it is too thick, add some water a couple tablespoons at a time until it is the consistency of heavy cream. Scrape into a bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the falafel: Using the same processor bowl, add the chickpeas and process until coarsely ground. Add the flour, parsley, cilantro, baking powder, cumin, cayenne, scallion, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and process until well mixed but not totally smooth. Check the consistency to make sure it will hold together. If it is too dry, add some water a little at a time. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nAdd about 2 inches of vegetable oil to a deep skillet and heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F.nUsing a small scoop or a tablespoon, scoop out small balls of the falafel mixture and gently drop them into the hot oil. Cook in batches, turning them over from time to time, until golden brown and cooked through, for between 30 and 60 seconds. Drain on paper towels while you cook the rest.nTo serve: Cut the top off each pita and form a pocket. Drizzle some sauce into each pita and add 4 or 5 falafel pieces. Top with the greens, carrots, scallions and plenty more sauce. Alternatively, build a salad with the vegetables, then top with falafel and sauce., ingredients: [12 cup tahini, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 canned chipotle chile in adobo, finely chopped, plus 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 15ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 scallion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Serving suggestions: pita bread, salad greens, shredded carrots, sliced scallion greens], title: Falafel with Chipotle Tahini Dip, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 27507: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Stir in the onions and garlic, and saute until onions are golden and tender, about 10 minutes.nRaise the heat to high, stir in all the remaining ingredients, and bring the soup to a boil. Lower the heat to a lively simmer and cook about 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender and the soup has thickened.nDiscard the bay leaves. Remove about 2 cups of the soup and puree in a blender or food processor. Return it to the soup and stir to blend. This soups flavor will intensify with time, so dont hesitate to make it a few days in advance., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 large onions, finely diced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 10 cups vegetable stock, 1 16ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed well, or 1 12 cups freshly cooked beans, 1 pound kale, leaves torn from stems and finely chopped 10 cups leaves, 3 mediumsize redskinned potatoes, unpeeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 teaspoons goodquality sweet paprika, Dash cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, Liberal seasoning freshly ground pepper], title: Kale Soup, picturelink: null}, 27508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof Dutch oven. Add the onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the bell peppers and cook over medium heat for 5 more minutes. Lower the heat, add the garlic, and cook for 1 minute longer. Stir in the rice, chicken stock, saffron, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover the pot and place it in the oven. After 15 minutes, stir the rice gently with a wooden spoon, and return it to the over to bake uncovered for 10 to 15 more minutes, until the rice is fully cooked.nTransfer the paella back to the stove top and add the licoriceflavored liqueur. Cook the paella over medium heat for 1 minute, until the liqueur is absorbed by the rice. Turn off the heat and add the lobster, kielbasa, and peas and stir gently. Cover the paella, and allow it to steam for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the parsley, garnish with lemon wedges, and serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup good olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 2 onions, 2 red bell peppers, cored and sliced into 12inch strips, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 4 to 6 cloves, 2 cups white basmati rice, 5 cups good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, crushed, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup licoriceflavored liqueur recommended: Pernod, 1 12 pounds cooked lobster meat, 1 pound kielbasa, sliced 14 to 12inch thick, 1 10ounce package frozen peas, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 lemons, cut into wedges], title: Easy Lobster Paella, picturelink: BzHggTnPtAeILoAZjhp5Dy0Q250N0Ue}, 27509: {instructions: Chop and remove stems from watercress. Cut endive into cross pieces. Toss the two together and dress with mustard vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 bunches watercress, 4 endive, 12 cup mustard vinaigrette], title: Watercress, Endive Salad, picturelink: null}, 27510: {instructions: In a small saucepan, cook the sugar, corn syrup and water to a dark amber caramel. Add the passion fruit puree, butter, vanilla seeds and sweetened condensed milk. Bring to a boil and cook to 235 degrees F while stirring the entire time. Stir in the salt. Spray parchment paper with nonstick and put on a sheet pan. Set the metal caramel frames to 8 by 12 inches on top. Pour the caramel inside the frame and place in the freezer until frozen.nOnce the passion fruit caramel is frozen, cut out about 36 disks with 1 12inch round cutters. Store the caramel in the freezer. Melt the dark chocolate. Dip the frozen passion fruit caramel disks into the chocolate and let set at room temperature until the chocolate hardens.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, cook the sugar and the water to soft ball stage, 240 degrees F. Add the almonds and keep stirring until caramelized to a dark amber color. Add the salt and butter. Spread onto greased sheet pans and let cool 20 to 60 minutes, depending on the temperature of the room. After they have cooled, put in the refrigerator about 1 hour.nTransfer the almonds into a stainless steel bowl and coat the almonds with the melted chocolate while stirring constantly. When set, sift the cocoa powder or powder sugar over the almonds.nIn a small saucepan, bring the cream, cinnamon, and glucose to a boil. Place the butter, salt, and both chocolates in a small bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let stand for 10 seconds. Whisk to combine. Let stand at room temperature until the edges of the ganache start to crystallize.nMeanwhile, melt the dark chocolate to 186.8 degrees F. Pour into the chocolate bar molds to coat, then pour back out. Tap all of the excess chocolate out, then invert onto parchment paper until the chocolate hardens completely. Pipe the ganache half way into the chocolate shell.nIn a small saucepan, caramelize the corn syrup and sugar to a dark amber. Place the cream in a small microwaveproof container and heat in the microwave until hot to the touch. Carefully add the caramel to the hot cream. Bring the mixture back to a boil. Place the chocolate and honey in a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream mixture over the chocolate. Let stand for 10 seconds and whisk to combine. Fold in the macadamia nuts. Let stand at room temperature until the edges of the ganache start to crystallize. Spoon the caramel on top of the cinnamon chocolate ganache and top with the rest of the tempered chocolate. Let it set up in the refrigerator, about 1 hour. Tap the bars out of the mold., ingredients: [1 pound sugar, 12 ounces light corn syrup, 12 cup water, 1 cup passion puree, 6 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 teaspoon salt, Nonstick spray, 1 pound dark chocolate, 2 34 ounces sugar, 1 ounce water, 8 ounces whole almonds, skin on, toasted, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 ounce unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 3 ounces dark chocolate, melted, 3 tablespoons nonalkalized cocoa powder, or powdered sugar, 12 cup cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons glucose, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 18 teaspoon fleur de sel, 5 13 ounces chopped milk chocolate, 1 14 ounce chopped dark chocolate, 1 pound dark chocolate, 8 ounces light corn syrup, 1 pound 4 ounces sugar, 3 cups cream, 12 ounces milk chocolate, 8 ounces honey, 1 pound 2 ounces macadamia nuts, toasted and finely chopped], title: Passion Fruit Caramel Gold Coins, Chocolate Covered Caramel Almond Magic Beans, and Cinnamon Caramel Macadamia Chocolate Bars, picturelink: dFRvq0cfAiPDsiwlWrL5J7pRaQuZGpu}, 27511: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, salt and eggs in a large bowl and mix until well combined set aside.nMelt the butter and chocolate in a double boiler, then whisk together until fully combined. Pour the chocolate mixture into the sugar mixture and mix until fully combined. Fold in the flour and cocoa.nPour the batter into the prepared baking pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking pan, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder], title: Fudgey Brownies, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 27512: {instructions: Stir together the sugar and cinnamon and set aside.nCombine the milk, salt and butter with 1 quart water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then quickly remove from the heat and stir in the flours until smooth. If not frying immediately, cover with plastic wrap and reserve in the refrigerator.nPour 2 inches of olive oil into a frying pan and heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough into thin strips and shape as you like, and then carefully fry in batches. Turn the zeppole once when golden and puffed, and then drain on paper towels. Dip in the honey and dredge in the cinnamonsugar. Arrange on a platter, garnish with the lemon zest and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 quart milk, Good pinch salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 cups semolina flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Olive oil, for frying, 12 cup honey, for dipping, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Eldas Famous Zeppole, picturelink: null}, 27513: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy large pot over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper. Toss the lamb with the flour in a large bowl to coat. Working in 2 batches, add the lamb to the pot and cook until brown, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the lamb to a bowl. Pour off the excess oil. Add the garlic to the same pot and saute over medium heat until tender and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, stirring to scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pot, about 5 minutes. Return the lamb to the pot. Stir in the broth, tomatoes with their juices, and tomato paste. Cover partially and simmer over mediumlow until the lamb is just tender, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, cook the onions in a medium saucepan of boiling water for 2 minutes. Drain and cool. Peel the onions and cut off the root ends. Add the onions, potatoes, and carrots to the stew. Simmer until the lamb and vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes longer. Season the stew, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 pounds boneless leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat and sinew, meat cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 3 12 cups beef broth, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes with juices, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 18 small cipolline onions, 12 small redskinned potatoes, halved, 2 large carrots, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Lamb Stew with Cipolline Onions and Potatoes, picturelink: ga9nc5WcCG8y4.rx7mJ9EI4iU6YH9x2}, 27514: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 3foot pieces of twine, or other nonflammable natural fibernSoak twine in hot water for 5 minutes. Rinse salmon in cold water and pat dry with towel. Repeat the following for each salmon steak: Rinse 2 romaine leaves in water, shake off excess water. Drizzle 12 teaspoon of oil over the inside concave side of leaves. Place salmon fillet in the center of 1 leaf concave side up. Pour the juice of 12 lemon over salmon, trapping the drippings with the leaf. Season with salt and pepper. Top with 1 teaspoon capers, 2 sprigs of dill, and 1 lemon slice. Place the second leaf, concave side down, over salmon. Fold the ends of the bottom leaf up to keep juices trapped, and wrap the string around the leaves to seal. Tie string in a knot. Preheat oven to broil. Set rack in the highest position. Broil romainewrapped salmon for 5 minutes per side. The lettuce will blackenu2014this is a good thing. Cooking time will vary according to the exact thickness of the fillet. Salmon can also be grilled over direct heat for 5 minutes per side. To serve, instruct guests to cut string and remove top leaf. Yes, they can eat the blackened lettuce. Recommended beverage: Pinot Noir if salmon is farmraised, Zinfandel if salmon is wild, ingredients: [4 6ounce salmon fillets, 8 large outer romaine lettuce leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 lemons, 2 juiced, 1 sliced thinly, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons capers, 8 sprigs fresh dill], title: Salmon Grilled Between Romaine Lettuce Leaves, picturelink: null}, 27515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace steak slices inside halved rolls. Top with onions and cheese. Wrap cheese steaks in foil and bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese melts.nMeanwhile, combine ketchup and wasabi paste. Mix until blended. Serve with cheese steaks., ingredients: [12 ounces leftover flank steak slices, 4 steak rolls, halved crosswise, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 14 teaspoon wasabi paste, 4 tablespoons ketchup], title: Philadelphia Cheese Steaks with Onions and Wasabi Ketchup, picturelink: rjPnq6ZaieHxkDhV9MEkC3K.iL9.7sG}, 27516: {instructions: On a work surface, lay out 2 slices of bread and spread with mayonnaise. Top each slice with the 1 slice of Gouda and 1 slice of turkey each. Put the third slice of bread on top of one stack, and flip the remaining stack on top, cheeseside down, to make a tripledecker sandwich.nUsing a knife, cut the crusts off the sandwich this helps to pinch and seal the ends. Wrap the sandwich tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 6 hours. Wrapping the sandwich in plastic wrap, compacts it, and prevents the egg batter from seeping in.nCombine the eggs and milk in a bowl. Heat the oil and butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Unwrap the sandwich and dip it in the egg batter, to coat evenly. Gently place it in the skillet, and fry, turning once, until golden brown and hot, about 5 minutes total.nCut the Monte Cristo in 12, transfer it to a place, and garnish with the strawberry and orange. Spoon some jam over each 12 and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 slices white bread, Mayonnaise, as needed, 2 slices Gouda, 2 slices turkey, 3 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Strawberry slices, for garnish, Orange wedges, for garnish, Serving suggestion: Blackberry jam], title: Monte Cristo Sandwich, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 27517: {instructions: Slice the ends off of the oranges, score the peel from one end to the other, and remove the peels off the oranges.nSlice the peels into thin strips and trim the edges.nUsing a medium size pot, place the peels in boiling water and blanch them for a few minutes. Rinse the peels, and repeat this process a second time. This is done to remove the bitterness of the peels.nPrepare the simple syrup by combining the water and sugar in a sauce pot. Bring the syrup to a simmer, place the peels in the pot, and simmer for 1 hour. Once the peels have cooked, remove them from the pot, and place on a rack to cool and drain.nMelt the dark chocolate over a double boiler. Dip the candied orange peels in the chocolate, remove them quickly, and roll them in the cocoa powder. Store the orange peels in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 large oranges, 8 ounces water, 8 ounces sugar, 16 ounces dark chocolate, 16 ounces bitter cocoa powder], title: Orangettes, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 27518: {instructions: Char the tomatoes on a grill, under a broiler, or in a cast iron pan. Put them in a bowl and add the remaining ingredients. Mix together. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds about 6 tomatoes, cut in half, 1 cup minced sweet white onion, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice or more, to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 minced chipotle from canned chipotles in adobo or more, to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Chipotle Salsa, picturelink: null}, 27519: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter and yogurt with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture, and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Turn off the mixer and use your hands to help combine if needed.nScoop tablespoonfuls of the dough, and roll them into smooth balls. Put them on the prepared baking sheet, and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.nMelt the chocolate chips and shortening in a medium microwavesafe bowl in the microwave in 30second increments, stirring in between, until the coating is smooth and thin. Drop the chilled balls into the coating, and roll them around with a fork to fully coat. Remove each truffle with the fork, letting any excess coating drip off, and return to the baking sheet. If the coating begins to harden, microwave it for a few seconds to warm it up and thin it out. Chill the truffles until the coating is completely set, about 1 hour. The truffles can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening or coconut oil], title: Snickerdoodle Cookie Dough Truffles, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 27520: {instructions: Heat oil in large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add onion cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until tender. Add refried beans, whole kernel corn, shoepeg corn, chiles, salsa, broth and jerk seasoning mix well. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add ham, olives and lime juice mix well. Cook 3 to 4 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. To serve, ladle soup into individual bowls. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon sour cream and lime slice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 13 cup frozen chopped onion, 2 16oz. cans Old El Pasou00ae Vegetarian Refried Beans, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers, 1 11oz. can Green Giant White Shoepeg Corn, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Pasou00ae Chopped Green Chiles, 12 cup Old El Pasou00ae Thick n Chunky Salsa, 1 14oz. can chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Jamaican jerk seasoning, 1 lb. cooked lean ham, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 2 14oz. can sliced ripe olives, drained, 13 cup lime juice, 6 tablespoons sour cream, 6 lime slices], title: Jamaican Ham and Bean, picturelink: null}, 27521: {instructions: Combine sugar, water and vanilla bean and seeds in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the plums and cook until very soft. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and process until smooth.nSpoon a tablespoon of the puree into each of 4 champagne flutes and fill to the top with Prosecco. Garnish each glass with a plum slice and a mint sprig., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 2 ripe purple plums, halved, pitted and chopped, 1 bottle chilled Prosecco, Thinly sliced plum, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Plum Vanilla Bean Bellini, picturelink: null}, 27522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a medium, heavy soup pot over medium heat. Add the butter, olive oil, and shallot. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallots are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the sage and beans and stir to combine. Add the stock and bring the mixture to a simmer. Add the garlic and simmer until the garlic is softened, about 10 minutes. Pour the soup into a large bowl. Carefully ladle 13 to 12 of the soup into a blender and puree until smooth. Be careful to hold the top of the blender tightly, as hot liquids expand when they are blended. Pour the blended soup back into the soup pan. Puree the remaining soup. Once all the soup is blended and back in the soup pan, add the cream and the pepper Keep warm, covered, over very low heat.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the slices of ciabatta bread with extravirgin olive oil. Grill the bread until warm and golden grill marks appear, about 3 minutes a side. Serve the soup in bowls with the grilled bread alongside., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 sage leaf, 2 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 cloves garlic, cut in 12, 12 cup cream, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices ciabatta bread, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Tuscan White Bean and Garlic Soup, picturelink: KAkm.LADs9Tt64zlBBZjMRMKIhHs0W}, 27523: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together rice vinegar, canola oil, sesame oil, and sesame seeds.nAdd slaw mix, bean sprouts and fried noodles. Toss to combine. Place in refrigerator for 15 minutes for flavors to meld.nServe garnished with additional fried noodles., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 ounces 3color cole slaw mix recommended: Fresh Express, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup crispy fried chow mein noodles recommended: La Choy plus more for garnish], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: 75aQ8q82ldKgbRz8XMHW9d8pDN4C2.}, 27524: {instructions: Heat oil in soup pot, add onion and cook until softened. Add curry powder, stirring frequently, until aroma is released 15 seconds. Add carrots, saute for 20 seconds and add stock. Cook until softened, and puree. You may need more liquid to thin to desired consistency. Top with yogurt and cumin., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 12 tablespoons curry powder, 2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 23 cups vegetable stock, Yogurt for garnish, Toasted cumin for garnish], title: Curried Carrot Soup, picturelink: null}, 27525: {instructions: Heat oil in a cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until soft. Add poblano, red pepper and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add paprika and cook for 1 minute. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cover and cook until almost cooked through. Remove cover and continue cooking for 5 to 10 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely sliced, 1 large poblano pepper, finely diced, 1 large red pepper, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 red potatoes, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Skillet Home Fries, picturelink: null}, 27526: {instructions: In a large bowl combine well all the ingredients except the spareribs. In a kettle cover the spareribs with salted water. Bring them to a boil and simmer, skimming the froth, for 20 minutes. Drain and rinse briefly under cold water.nCut the ribs into 1rib sections and add to the bowl of marinade, stirring to coat well. Let the ribs marinate, covered, at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours. Alternatively, chill them covered, overnight. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nArrange the ribs meaty side up in 1 layer in lightly oiled baking pans and brush with some marinade. Bake them in the middle of the oven, turning and basting occasionally, for 1 hour, or until tender and glazed.nThe ribs can be baked 1 day ahead and kept refrigerated, covered. Reheat in baking pan in preheated 350 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until heated through. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup dark beer, 13 cup soy sauce, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 onion, minced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds lean pork spareribs, trimmed of excess fat and halved crosswise by butcher], title: Beer Ribs, picturelink: null}, 27527: {instructions: With a small knife, shape your sugarcane until it is about 7 inches long and the diameter of a pencil. In a blender mix the strawberries, yogurt, vanilla and sugar. Pour blended mixture into popsicle molds and stick in the sugar cane and freeze., ingredients: [1 sugar cane cut into 6 sticks, 1 quart strawberries, 1112 cups vanilla yogurt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 teaspoons super fine sugar], title: Sugar Cane Skewered Strawberry Yogurt Pop, picturelink: null}, 27528: {instructions: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs and set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nMeanwhile, cook the chorizo in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and wipe out the skillet.nWhisk the eggs with the halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the Tater Tots, cheese and scallions.nMelt the butter in the skillet and add the egg mixture, spreading it out with a rubber spatula. Scatter the chorizo over the top transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the eggs are set, about 30 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes, then slide onto a cutting board and cut into bitesize pieces.nPhotograph by Mark Weinberg, ingredients: [1 pound about 3 cups frozen Tater Tots, 10 ounces fully cooked not dried chorizo sausage, diced, 12 large eggs, 12 cup halfandhalf, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups shredded monterey jack cheese about 6 ounces, 4 scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: ChorizoTater Tot Bites, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 27529: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 lollipop molds and lollipop sticks available at kitchen specialty and craft storesnArrange the lollipop sticks in the lollipop molds and place on a baking sheet. Set aside.nCombine the sugar, water, and cream of tartar in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Increase the heat to high and, without stirring, cook until the sugar is amber or until a candy thermometer reads between 300 to 310 degrees F hardball stage, about 10 minutes see Cooks Note. Promptly remove the saucepan from the heat. Carefully stir in the flavored extract.nWork quickly, drop 1 teaspoon of the hot mixture into each lollipop mold. Reheat the mixture briefly over low heat if it starts to thicken. Let the lollipops cool for at least 15 minutes. Remove from molds and store in airtight containers or wrap individually., ingredients: [36 lollipop sticks, 2 cups sugar, 23 cup water, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon flavored extract, optional], title: Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 27530: {instructions: In a large stockpot or Dutch oven, heat oil. Add onions and saute for 2 to 3 minutes on high until fragrant and tender.nIn a large bowl, mix salt, pepper, flour, onion powder, and garlic powder together. Add meat to seasoned flour. Dredge to coat and add flour and meat to pot with onions. Cook until meat is lightly browned, stirring frequently for about 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd water and beef bouillon to pot and continue to cook and stir on high until soup begins to thicken. Bring to a boil. Turn heat off and add cheese. Cover the pot with a lid and allow the cheese to sit and melt.nPour into bread bowls and garnish with chives and parsley., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 12 large onions, diced small, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon granulated onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 12 pounds beef tenderloin, sliced lengthwise and cubed, 6 cups water, 14 cup beef bouillon cube powder, 8 ounces sliced American cheese, Bread bowls, hollowed out, for serving, Sliced chives, to garnish, Chopped parsley leaves, to garnish], title: Cheesesteak Soup, picturelink: null}, 27531: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim the tops and stems off the beets. Was the beets under cool running water and scrub them with a brush. Wrap the beets in aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes, or until tender. Let cool, then peel and coarsely chop the beets.nIn a skillet large enough to hold all of the pasta, combine the olive oil, garlic, and red pepper. Cook over medium heat for about 30 seconds, or until the garlic is fragrant and the oil is sizzling. Add the chopped beets and turn them in the oil mixture until just heated through.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil Add salt and the spaghetti. Cook until the spaghetti is almost al dente, tender yet firm to the bite. Drain the spaghetti, reserving 12 cup of the cooking water.nPour the spaghetti into the skillet with the beets. Add some of the cooking water. Simmer over medium heat, constantly turning the spaghetti with beets, until the pasta is evenly colored, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 bunches of beets 8 medium beets, about 2 pounds, 13 cup olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, Pinch of crushed red pepper, or to taste, Coarse salt, to taste, 1 pound thin spaghetti or linguine], title: Spaghetti with Rubies, picturelink: null}, 27532: {instructions: Toast 12 small tortillas. Lay tortillas out on counter. Line each tortilla with a piece of lettuce and spread the fish on top. Cover with 2 tablespoons of cucumber relish, a dab of avocado, a tablespoon of sweet peas, a few slices of radish and a pinch of cilantro. Finish each with a squeeze of lime and a teaspoon of olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 recipe corn tortillas, 6 leaves green leaf lettuce, washed and halved, 2 pounds cooked lobster or crabmeat, shrimp and salmon preferable poached, 1 12 cups Citrus Cucumber Relish, recipe above, 12 avocado, peeled, seeded and mashed, 1 cup sweet peas, blanched, 12 bunch red radishes, washed, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped, 2 limes, halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Seafood Tacos, picturelink: null}, 27533: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together the cabbage, carrot, onion, and parsley. In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, sour cream, pineapple juice, sugar, and celery seed. Toss the vegetables with the dressing and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. This slaw is best if served within a day., ingredients: [One 3 pound head green cabbage, trimmed, shredded, and chopped, 1 medium carrot, grated, 13 cup minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained, 1 tablespoon minced flat leaf parsley leaves, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 27534: {instructions: Mix 3 chopped hardboiled eggs, 3 tablespoons each chopped celery, red onion and cilantro, 2 teaspoons each dijon mustard and lime juice, and 14 cup mayonnaise. Cut white bread into pieces and spread with mango chutney. Sandwich with the egg salad., ingredients: [], title: Curried Egg Salad Tea Sandwich, picturelink: c8pZQ1U02FNjcpB6v9qCSR5uiHAjJhm}, 27535: {instructions: Fill a large wide saucepan with water heat to boiling. Add the broccoli rabe and salt  boil until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain immediately. Wipe the pan dry. Add the oil, garlic and red pepper flakes to the saucepan. Heat over low heat, stirring, until warmed and garlic begins to sizzle, about 5 minutes. Stir the broccoli rabe into the warm oil to coat. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 bunch about 1 12 pounds broccoli rabe, rinsed, thick ends of stems trimmed, cut into 2inch lengths, Salt to taste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, cut into thin slivers, Pinch red hot pepper flakes], title: Broccoli Rabe with Olive Oil and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 27536: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the carrot, celery root, and butternut squash with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the salt on a baking sheet and spread out in an even layer. Roast until golden and tender, about 25 minutes.nCombine the chicken broth and thyme in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the barley, onion and garlic, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften a bit, about 5 minutes. Pour in the wine, and cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed. Add 2 cups of the broth, reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer until the liquid is absorbed, stirring frequently. Add the remaining broth and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the barley is tender but still slightly firm and the mixture is still soupy, about 30 minutes. Add the roasted vegetables and cook until the vegetables are heated through. Stir the mustard greens into the risotto, then let the mixture sit until the greens wilt, about 3 minutes. If the risotto thickens up too much, thin it out with a little hot water. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. Pass grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 medium carrot, sliced, 1 small celery root about 12 pound, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, 12 small butternut squash, halved, peeled, seeded, and cut into 34inch chunks, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 1 cup pearl barley, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 to 5 cups torn mustard greens 1 small bunch, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: Barley Risotto with Roasted Winter Vegetables, picturelink: Qrsv62TF6HSBW1D9vd9cndNgLtucaG}, 27537: {instructions: Peel potatoes, and cut into desired size and shape. To make thick French fries, slice the potatoes lengthwise into 14inch slices, and cut again into 14inch strips. For shoestring potatoes, use a mandoline fitted with the fine julienne blade. Make basketweavestyle fries by fitting the mandoline with the fluted cutting blade rotate the potato 90 degrees between each pass over the blade. Place sliced potatoes in a large nonreactive bowl, and cover with water.nDrain potatoes, and dry thoroughly with a towel. Heat 3 to 4 inches olive oil in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Use a thermometer to ensure the temperature is correct: 325 degrees F for French fries and 375 degrees F for shoestring and basketweave fries.nCarefully add potatoes to oil in small batches so as not to lower the temperature of the oil. Cook shoestring and basketweave potatoes for 2 to 3 minutes, turning occasionally. French fries need to cook for 5 to 6 minutes, turning occasionally. They will not take on much color at this point.nTransfer to a flattened brown paper bag that has been lined with paper towels, and let cool for a few minutes or until just before ready to serve. French fries need to be fried a second time raise oil temperature to 375 degrees F, and fry for about 1 to 2 minutes until crisp and golden. Remove from oil, and drain again on the paper bag. Sprinkle with salt, and serve., ingredients: [4 medium Idaho or russet potatoes, Vegetable or olive oil, for frying, Coarse salt], title: French Fries, picturelink: null}, 27538: {instructions: Heat the oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the zucchini, the salsa, and a couple tablespoons of water. Cover, cook for 5 minutes, or until the squash is tender. Transfer the vegetable mixture to a bowl with a spoon.nSquish the sausage meat from its casing into the same skillet. Discard the casings. Break the meat up with a wooden spoon. Cook the meat over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes or until it loses its color. Add the meat to the vegetables. Add the cheese and stir. Set aside.nCut avocado in half. Using a spoon, scrape the avocado from the skin into another bowl. Smash the avocado with a fork and season with salt and pepper.nWrap the tortillas in moist paper towels. Heat in the microwave for 1 minute or until warm. Lay out the tortillas and divide the turkey mixture evenly on top. Top with lettuce and avocado, fold the tortillas over and serve with salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small onion, diced, 1 cup diced zucchini, 14 cup mild salsa, plus more for passing at the table, 8 ounces raw turkey sausages, 12 cup shredded Monterey jack, 8 corn tortillas, 1 ripe avocado, Salt and pepper, 4 iceberg lettuce leaves, shredded, 1 wooden spoon, 1 medium saute pan, 2 medium bowls, Paring knife use with an adult, 1 fork, 1 microwave], title: Soft Turkey Tacos, picturelink: S1UHNaLrZ0Q3uOHZZMRWWedHQ6n3yee}, 27539: {instructions: Halve eggs and separate whites from yolks. Finely chop egg whites set aside. In medium bowl, mash egg yolks with a fork. Add in sugar, lemon juice, mustard, sour cream, and mayonnaise. Stir in horseradish and egg whites. Store in an airtight container up to 4 days, refrigerated., ingredients: [4 large hard boiled eggs, 2 to 3 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice about 12 lemon, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup finely grated horseradish], title: Ukrainian Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 27540: {instructions: In medium saute pan, melt vegan margarine. Mix together egg replacer and water in a separate bowl and add to the pan. This will become thick as you whisk, add soy milk and remaining ingredients. Continue to whisk on high heat until fairly thick consistency. Set aside.nFor the eggs:nIn a small mixing bowl, mix flour, cornmeal, salt and pepper, to taste. With a medium size ice cream scoop, scoop out 2 tofu balls that resemble eggs. Coat the tofu with flour and cornmeal mix. Fry the tofu in deep fat fryer or in a pot with 2 cups of oil for 2 minutes. After frying, drain the tofu with paper towels and season with salt and pepper, if desired.nFor the garlic spinach:nSautee the garlic and spinach in oil in a pan. Toast the Italian bread. Then merely assemble.nStack on a plate Italian toast, spinach, tofu eggs, drizzle the vegan hollandaise, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegan margarine, 1 teaspoon egg replacer, 14 cup water, 12 cup soy milk, 14 teaspoon tumeric, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommend: Franks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 package firm tofu, 12 cup cornmeal, Salt and freshly grounded black pepper, 12 allpurpose flour, Oil, for frying, 3 ounce baby spinach, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon oil, Italian bread, for serving], title: The Saint Jamez Benedict, picturelink: j2vPo6otQ8PY9VwMzAFuB..ppizS2Q6}, 27541: {instructions: Toast the bread rounds in a toaster oven. Place cheddar cheese on top of bread rounds. Toast them in oven until cheese has melted. Top cheese with tomato slices. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [3 slices organic bread, cut 1inch thick, 6 slices white cheddar cheese, cut in triangles, 1 tomato, sliced 12inch thick, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: OpenFaced Grilled Cheese and Tomato Sandwich Rounds, picturelink: null}, 27542: {instructions: To make the pasta dough: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and salt. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and continue to mix. Pour in 1 tablespoon olive oil and continue to mix until a smooth dough is formed. If the dough is too dry drizzle in a bit of water, if it is too wet sprinkle in some more flour. Dust some flour on a work surface, knead and fold the dough until it is elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface of the dough with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nTo make the dough by hand: Combine the flour and salt on a flat work surface, shape into a mound, and make a well in the center. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon olive oil to the well and lightly beat with a fork. Gradually draw in the flour from the inside wall and mix it with the beaten eggs. Use 1 hand for mixing and the other to protect the outer wall. Continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a smooth dough. Dust some flour on the work surface knead and fold the dough until it is elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface of the dough with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nTo roll out the dough: Cut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the piece you are not using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Press the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine set at the widest setting 2 or 3 times. Guide the dough with your hand as it emerges from the rollers to prevent it from puncturing or stretching. Dust the sheets with extra flour whenever the dough gets sticky. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again 2 or 3 times. Continue reducing the setting and rolling until the machine is at its narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick for ravioli. Roll out the other half., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Pasta Dough for Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 27543: {instructions: For the gravy: In a heavybottomed saucepan, add flour and oil. Cook over medium heat for about 10 to 12 minutes whisking constantly until a peanutbrown color. Whisk in milk, salt, pepper, and sugar. Bring to a boil, continuing to whisk. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes whisking frequently until sauce thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon not too thick, but not too thin. Make gravy before you fry the chops.nFor the lamb: Add 1inch of oil in a straightsided 3inch deep pan. Preheat oil in frying pan to 365 degrees F. Mix salt and pepper with flour. Dredge the lamb chops in the seasoned flour. Dip lamb chops in buttermilk, then back into the flour. Slowly add chops to preheated oil, about 4 per batch. Cook 2 minutes per side for medium doneness. Drain on a rack.nServe with gravy.nFor the gravy: In a heavybottomed saucepan, add flour and oil. Cook over medium heat for about 10 to 12 minutes whisking constantly until a peanutbrown color. Whisk in milk, salt, pepper, and sugar. Bring to a boil, continuing to whisk. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes whisking frequently until sauce thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon not too thick, but not too thin. Make gravy before you fry the chops.nFor the lamb: Add 1inch of oil in a straightsided 3inch deep pan. Preheat oil in frying pan to 365 degrees F. Mix salt and pepper with flour. Dredge the lamb chops in the seasoned flour. Dip lamb chops in buttermilk, then back into the flour. Slowly add chops to preheated oil, about 4 per batch. Cook 2 minutes per side for medium doneness. Drain on a rack.nServe with gravy., ingredients: [3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups whole milk, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar preferably turbinado sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups whole milk, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar preferably turbinado sugar, Oil, for frying, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 singlerib frenched lamb chops, 2 chops per person, 2 cups buttermilk, Oil, for frying, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 singlerib frenched lamb chops, 2 chops per person, 2 cups buttermilk], title: Chicken Fried Lamb Chops with Creamy Gravy, picturelink: null}, 27544: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine AllPurpose Rub with 2 tablespoons teriyaki mix. Sprinkle seasoning over ribs and pat in.nPlace ribs in a shallow roasting pan. Tightly cover with foil. Bake in oven for 1 hour.nWhile ribs are cooking, make glaze by combining glaze ingredients in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer 10 minutes and remove from heat.nRemove ribs from oven and carefully drain fat from roasting pan. Generously brush with glaze and continue baking ribs, uncovered for 30 to 45 minutes more or until tender, turning and brushing occasionally with glaze. Remove from grill and cut into servings. Serve hot with glaze on the side.nFor Outdoor Grill:nSet up grill for indirect cooking over medium heat. No heat source under meat. Prepare ribs as directed. Place ribs in rib rack over drip pan on hot grill. Add a handful of hickory chips to hot coals or smoke box. Cover grill. Rotate ribs around rack every 30 minutes. After 1 hour, add 10 briquettes to each pile of coals and another handful of soaked hickory chips. Cook 2 to 2 12 hours. About 20 minutes before ribs are done, remove ribs from rib rack and lay meat side down on grill. Generously brush with glaze and pile ribs in center of grill over drip pan. Cover and cook 10 minutes. Turn ribs and brush on more glaze and repile. Cook an additional 10 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup Sandra Lee AllPurpose Rub, 2 tablespoons teriyaki mix recommended: Kikkoman, 3 racks pork spare ribs, 1 cup cherry cola, 1 cup BBQ sauce, 13 cup cherry preserves, 2 tablespoons teriyaki mix recommended: Kikkoman], title: Cherry Cola Glazed Spare Ribs, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 27545: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with cupcake liners, and lightly coat with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, salt and baking powder in a medium bowl set aside.nBring the cocoa powder, milk and 12 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, and whisk until the cocoa dissolves into a smooth, thicker mixture, about 3 minutes. Stir in the vanilla, and set aside until just slightly warm to the touch.nBeat the butter and sugar on mediumhigh speed with an electric mixer until combined and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs and egg yolks one at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition. Continue to beat while slowly pouring the cocoa mixture into the bowl be sure to scrape out any cocoa that coats the saucepan just until incorporated, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated. Finish stirring by hand to avoid overmixing.nDivide the batter evenly among the lined muffin cups, and bake until the cupcakes bounce back when gently pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let them cool in the pan for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. Unwrap each cupcake, and use a small knife to cut out a small plug of cake in the middle of each bottom, cutting about halfway through the cupcake.nFor the filling: Beat the marshmallow, confectioners sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a medium bowl until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a large resealable plastic bag, and snip off one corner. Pipe the filling into the holes cut out of the cupcakes use the plugs or scraps of the cake you removed to plug the holes back up.nFor the glaze: Combine the butter, chocolate, honey and salt in a small microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and poke a hole in it to vent. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for about 1 minute, until the butter and most of the chocolate is melted. Whisk until smooth let cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Dip the top of each cupcake in the glaze, and let it set up, about 30 minutes.nFor the icing: Put the filled and glazed cupcakes on a rack set over a baking sheet or piece of parchment. Whisk the confectioners sugar, butter and 2 tablespoons water together in a small bowl. Top each cupcake with a drizzle of icing let harden, about 10 minutes. Put the finished cupcakes in fresh liners. The cupcakes can be baked, filled, glazed and iced a day ahead and stored in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutchprocess, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, Filling:, 2 cups marshmallow creme, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Glaze:, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, Pinch fine salt, Icing:, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: CreamFilled Devils Food Cupcakes, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 27546: {instructions: Preheat grill pan, nonstick griddle, large nonstick skillet or table top electric grill to medium high heat.nAdd 2 tablespoons of oil and Canadian bacon. Warm bacon and caramelize it at edges, 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove to a piece of foil. Fold foil over loosely to keep warm.nCombine chicken, paprika, poultry seasoning, grill seasoning, shallot. Score meat with the side of your hand to separate into 4 equal amounts. Make 4 large patties, 34 to 1 inch thick. Drizzle patties with oil and place on hot grill pan, griddle or in skillet. Cook 5 minutes on each side, until chicken is cooked through.nTop patties with reserved cooked Canadian bacon and Swiss cheese. Fold each slice of cheese in half to fit the burger. Cover loosely with tin foil. Turn off pan and let cheese melt, 2 minutes.nCombine mayonnaise, mustard, tarragon. Slather bun tops or English tops with sauce. Place Cordon Bleu burgers on bun bottoms and top with lettuce and tomato. Put bun or muffin tops in place. Serve with oven fries., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable or olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 slices Canadian bacon, 2 pounds ground chicken breast, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, eyeball it in your palm, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning or salt and pepper, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 4 deli slices Swiss cheese, 23 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, eyeball it, 3 rounded tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 4 sprigs, 4 kaiser rolls or sandwich size sour dough English muffins, split and toasted, 8 leaves leaf lettuce, 1 vine ripe tomato, thinly sliced], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu Burgers, picturelink: 8kORODimbVTGmDtnMbo69vYb8IsUI66}, 27547: {instructions: Make the filling: Bake the potatoes in a preheated 350 degree F. oven until fork tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. Peel, and while still warm, pass through a food mill. In a small saute pan, heat the 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic, and cook until soft. In a medium bowl, combine the farmers cheese, goat cheese, mascarpone, 3 tablespoons Parmesan, the herbs, and the beaten egg. Add the cooked shallots and garlic and the warm potato. Stir until blended being careful not to overmix, or the mixture will get pasty. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Then, with lightly moistened hands, roll into 12ounce balls, about the size of golf balls.nCut the pasta dough into 4 portions and work with 1 portion at a time, keeping the remaining dough covered with plastic wrap. Lightly dust the work surface with flour. With a pasta machine or a rolling pin, roll out the dough about 20 inches long and 4 inches wide. Brush the dough with egg wash and arrange 9 to 10 balls of filling on the lower third of the length of the dough, about 1 to 1 12 inches apart.nFold the top half over to cover the balls. Press the dough around each ball to seal, making sure that you do not have any air pockets. With a 2inch round cookie cutter, cut the ravioli. Dust a tray with flour and arrange the ravioli on the tray, dusting with more flour. Repeat with the remaining dough, egg wash, and filling. Refrigerate, covered, until needed.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the ravioli until al dente, about 3 to 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, over high heat, add the oil and the remaining butter. Cook the butter until it begins to brown. Drain the ravioli and toss into the browned butter, turning to coat both sides. Add the remaining Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley and hazelnuts and serve immediately.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour, egg yolks, salt, olive oil, and 2 tablespoons of the water. Process until the dough begins to hold together, then stop the machine and pinch the dough to test it. If its too dry, add up to 1 more tablespoon of water and process until it forms a moist ball. Turn out on a lightly floured smooth work surface and knead by hand, until a smooth ball is formed. Loosely wrap in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nCut the dough into 4 equal pieces. Keep the other pieces covered in plastic while you roll out 1 piece at a time, by hand with a rolling pin or through the rollers of a pasta machine, stretching the dough to the desired thickness.nIf using a pasta machine, set the rollers at the widest opening. Flatten the first piece of dough into a thick strip no wider than the machine, to enable it to pass through the rollers. If necessary, dust the pasta very lightly with flour. Run the pasta through the machine. Fold in thirds, crosswise, and run through the machine again. Repeat this procedure 2 or more times, until the dough is smooth and somewhat elastic. Set the machine to the next smaller opening and run the dough through the rollers.nContinue rolling and stretching the dough, using the smaller opening each time, until the next to the last or the last opening is reached, dusting lightly with flour only as necessary. The strip of dough will be long. If you dont have enough space on your worktable, halfway through the rolling process cut the strip of dough in half and continue to work with each piece separately, keeping the unused dough covered.nAdjust the cutting mechanism to the desired width, cut the noodles, and allow them to dry before cooking. A convenient way to dry pasta is to arrange the cut pasta on a pastry tray sprinkled with flour, preferably semolina flour. As 1 layer is completed, sprinkle flour over the noodles, place a piece of parchment paper over them, and continue layering with noodles and flour. Dry for at least 15 to 20 minutes.nRepeat with the remaining pieces of dough., ingredients: [1 pound baking potatoes about 2 large, scrubbed thoroughly, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, plus 8 tablespoons 1 stick, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 8 ounces farmers cheese, 5 ounces goat cheese, 2 ounces mascarpone, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus 14 cup freshly grated, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chervil leaves, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, Basic Pasta Dough, recipe follows, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 egg lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup toasted and chopped hazelnuts, 3 cups flour, 8 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 5 tablespoons water, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: My Grandmas Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 27548: {instructions: Score bottom of peaches with an X and boil for about 10 seconds in boiling water and peel off skin. Remove peach pits. Puree peaches in a food processor or blender. Pour puree into a bowl and stir in simple syrup and lemon juice. Taste and adjust syrup or lemon juice to taste. Freeze in an ice cream maker using manufacturers instructions.nStir water and sugar into a saucepan. Place pan over high heat and bring to a full boil. Let syrup cool before using. Store leftover syrup in a glass jar., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh peaches, 1 12 cups simple syrup recipe follows, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 cups water, 4 cups sugar], title: Peach Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 27549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all brine ingredients in a container or pot large enough to hold the turkey. Make sure all the sugar and salt have been fully dissolved. Add the turkey and refrigerate about 6 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove turkey from brine and transfer to a roasting pan with a rack. Stuff turkey with the lemon halves, bay leaves, and cinnamon sticks used in the brine. Cook turkey for about 3 12 hours, basting every 40 minutes or so. If any part of the turkey gets too brown towards the end of cooking, shield with pieces of tin foil. When the turkey is done, juices should run clear from the breast and the legs should pull away from the bird easily. Remove from the heat and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 12 to 15pound turkey, 2 gallons water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup kosher salt, 2 lemons, sliced in 12, 4 bay leaves, 3 cinnamon sticks, Small handful cloves], title: Bay and Lemon Brined Turkey, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 27550: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees.nPut roast, rib side down, in center of a 13 by 9inch flameproof roasting pan and rub all over with 1 tablespoon oil. Press thyme to adhere. Season beef generously with salt and pepper.nRoast beef in middle of oven for 30 minutes. Remove beef from oven and with a bulb baster skim all but 12 cup fat from pan. Baste beef with fat remaining in pan.nReduce oven temperature to 375 degrees. Roast beef 1 14 to 1 12 hours more, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of meat registers 115 degrees. Transfer beef to a platter, reserving pan juices. Let beef stand 25 minutes. Meat will continue to cook reaching about 130 degrees for mediumrare., ingredients: [1 7 to 8 pound trimmed prime beef rib roast sometimes called standing rib roast 3 or 4 ribs, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Thyme Rib Roast, picturelink: null}, 27551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nMix dry ingredients, including garlic, together in a medium bowl. Add canola oil and mix until blended. Mix egg and water in a separate small bowl and then add to flour mixture. Using an electric mixture with a dough hook attachment, mix dough until smooth and elastic. Roll dough out onto a board that is lightly dusted with cornmeal. Cut dough into 1 by 4inch strips and transfer to a sheet pan. Baste with BBQ sauce and bake for 30 to 45 minutes or until lightly browned. Let cool on a rack. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nBBQ Sauce:n1 teaspoon minced garlicn8 ounces pureed tomatoesn1 tablespoon honeyn12 teaspoon liquid smokenCombine all ingredients in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring until blended. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 cup bread flour, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, or 1 small clove garlic, minced, 18 cup canola oil, 1 egg, 12 cup water, Cornmeal, for dusting, BBQ Sauce, recipe follows], title: Bark B Que Rrrrribs Canine Treat, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 27552: {instructions: COMBINE all ingredients in medium bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use. Serve with limeflavored tortilla chips or as an accompaniment to grilled fish, chicken, or pork., ingredients: [1 15.5 oz. can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 10 oz. package frozen sweet corn, cooked according to package instructions, drained and cooled, 12 cup chopped red pepper, 13 cup chopped red onion, 13 cup finely chopped cilantro, 2 cups Natures Peaku2122 Sunburst Mango, chopped into 14inch cubes, 23 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Sweet Orange Marmalade, or Smuckersu00ae Guava Jelly, 12 serrano peppers, seeded, chopped, to taste], title: Mango Black Bean Salsa, picturelink: null}, 27553: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the granulated sugar and the butter until thoroughly mixed. Add the eggs one at a time. Add the oil and vanilla. Cream the batter until fluffy.nCombine the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Alternate mixing in the flour mixture and the buttermilk into the creamed mixture, until completely mixed. Distribute the batter into the cupcake liners. Bake the cupcakes, about 12 minutes.nFor the peanut butter buttercream: Mix the butter on high speed for 3 minutes. Add the vanilla flavoring on low speed. Slowly add the confectioners sugar on low speed. Mix in the peanut butter.nGrease a microwavesafe bowl with the shortening. Add the marshmallows and microwave on high for 30 second increments. Stir the marshmallows with a spatula between the time increments. Mix in the confectioners sugar until the consistency you desire is reached. Shape the marshmallow mixture into the desired shape using your hands.nSquirt the jelly filling into the center of each cupcake. Pipe the peanut butter buttercream in a ring onto the top of each cupcake. Fill the center of each peanut butter buttercream ring with more jelly filling. Place the chopped peanuts on the outside ring of the peanut butter buttercream. Garnish each cupcake with the marshmallow worms., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 eggs, 14 cup oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 5 ounces peanut butter, 1 teaspoon allvegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 1 bag marshmallows, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 1 jar or can grape jelly, Chopped peanuts, for garnish], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cupcakes with Peanut Butter Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: 9LBe6ZgXBCNfPVAeXX5Sw8eIleBi.Ni}, 27554: {instructions: LINE a 9inch square pan with aluminum foil, extending over edges of pan. Combine graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar, hazelnut spread and melted butter in a medium bowl. Press evenly into bottom of prepared pan.nHEAT white baking chips and peanut butter in microwavesafe bowl on HIGH in microwave for 30 seconds. Stir. Heat an additional 20 to 30 seconds, or until white chips are completely melted. Stir. Spread evenly over graham mixture.nSPRINKLE peanuts and mini chocolate chips evenly over peanut butter mixture. Chill 1 hour or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of foil. Cut into 2 x 1inch bars., ingredients: [1 14 cups chocolate graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup powdered sugar, 34 cup Jifu00ae Mocha Cappuccino Flavored Hazelnut Spread, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 cup white baking chips, 12 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 12 cup dry roasted peanuts, 14 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips], title: Nutty Chocolate Candy Bars, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 27555: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the blueberry compote: Combine the blueberries, sugar, lemon zest and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is thick and syrupy, about 10 minutes. Dont let the berries cook too long or they will become mushy and lose their beautiful shape. Remove from the heat. Gently stir in the chopped mint if using. Keep warm.nFor the hotcakes: Whisk the ricotta and the egg yolks together in a large bowl to combine, then whisk in the buttermilk. Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into the ricotta mixture. Stir with a whisk until just combined.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Using a large rubber spatula, gently fold the egg whites through the batter in 2 batches. Gently fold the fresh blueberries into the batter.nMelt some butter on a hot griddle pan over mediumlow heat. Ladle the batter onto the griddle you should be able to fit 3 hotcakes at a time and cook until the hotcakes puff, become golden brown and are just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nTransfer the hotcakes to plates. Spoon the warm blueberry compote over the hotcakes, and then top with a dollop of butter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [18 ounces fresh blueberries, 13 cup sugar, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, optional, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 4 large eggs, separated, 34 cup buttermilk, shaken, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 12 cup fresh blueberries, About 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for serving], title: Hotcakes with Delicious Blueberry Compote, picturelink: iFkmnxsILQOoppeuM2QfVt15j92s0gu}, 27556: {instructions: Rinse the shrimp and pat them dry. Sprinkle the shrimp on both sides with the salt and let them stand between layers of paper towel for 10 minutes.nIn a large heavy skillet cook the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until it is golden and transfer it with a slotted spoon to a small bowl. Add the ham and the red pepper flakes to the skillet and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the ham deepens in color. Add the bell pepper and cook the mixture, stirring, until the bell pepper is softened. Add the shrimp and saute the mixture over moderately high heat, turning the shrimp, for 3 minutes. Add the sherry and the garlic and simmer the mixture, stirring and turning the shrimp occasionally, until the shrimp are just cooked through. Transfer the shrimp mixture to a heated serving dish, sprinkle it with the parsley, and serve it with the bread., ingredients: [2 pounds large shrimp about 28, shelled, leaving the tail and the first joint of the shell intact, and deveined, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 8 garlic cloves, sliced thin lengthwise, 12 cup olive oil, 14 pound thicksliced cooked ham, chopped, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 13 cup sherry recommended: Oloroso, Minced fresh parsley leaves, for garnish if desired, Slices of crusty bread as an accompaniment], title: SpanishStyle Garlic Shrimp with Ham and Bell Peppers, picturelink: null}, 27557: {instructions: Crust: In a standing mixer, combine butter, vanilla, confectioners sugar, cake flour, salt. Wrap and chill dough until manageable. Roll out and transfer into tart pans. Pierce dough with fork and bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.nCurd: In a saucepan melt butter and add lemon juice. In a bowl combine eggs and sugar. Add some of the melted butter into egg mixture, then transfer all back to the butter. Cook over medium heat until thickened. Be careful not to overcook. Strain into bowl over an ice bath  let cool. Pour into cooled baked tart shell. Chill for 5 to 6 hours., ingredients: [1 pound, 2 ounces soft, unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 ounces confectioners sugar, 1 pound 6 ounces cake flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces butter, 1 12 cups lemon juice, 8 eggs, 1 pound, 8 ounces sugar], title: Lemon Tart, picturelink: null}, 27558: {instructions: To make the rice: In a medium sauce pan over mediumhigh heat, warm the peanut oil until shimmering. Add the leeks, and sprinkle with a little salt to draw out their moisture. Saute until softened. Add the rice, and stir until each grain is coated in oil. Add the bay leaves and stock. Bring to a boil, and cook 20 minutes without removing the lid. When the rice has absorbed the liquid and is cooked through, remove the pan from the heat and set aside. Keep warm.nTo make the curry: Fill a large sauce pan halfway with water and bring to a boil. Gently add the eggs, lowering them into the water using a big spoon. Cook for 14 minutes. Cooks Note: lower the heat if the sauce pan starts to boil over. Immediately put the eggs in a bowl of ice water, to prevent the gray ring from forming around the rim of the yolks. Allow the eggs to cool for a few minutes, then peel the eggs and slice in half.nIn a large skillet, warm a couple tablespoons of peanut oil, and when shimmering, add the onions and garlic, and cook until golden brown. While theyre cooking, dry toast the chiles, coriander seeds, and cumin seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking every now and then to keep them from burning. Toast the chiles until fragrant, then grind in a spice grinder until finely ground. Add the ground chiles to the onion mixture, along with the coriander, cumin seeds, and turmeric, and saute for 30 seconds. Add the coconut milk and water. Bring the mixture back up to a boil, then cover and simmer for 20 minutes to develop the flavors. Place the eggs halves in the curry sauce during the last 5 minutes of cooking. Gently stir in a generous handful of cilantro. Be mindful of the eggs.nFill a small sauce pan with peanut oil to 2inches up the sides of the pan. Toss the shallots in the rice flour, and test whether the oil is ready by dropping a shallot ring in it should instantly sizzle and rise to the top and start browning. Fry the shallots in batches and set on a paper towellined plate when theyre done. Season with salt.nAssemble each plate with a spoonful of rice, a generous ladle of curry sauce, and an egg half. Garnish with the fried shallots. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 leeks, whites only, rinsed and sliced thinly, Kosher salt, 1 cup red rice, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups vegetable stock, Water, for boiling eggs, 6 eggs, Peanut oil, for sauteing and deep frying, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 chiles de arbol, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 15ounce can coconut milk, 12 cup water, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 1 large shallot, sliced into thin rings, 14 cup rice flour, Kosher salt], title: Coconut Egg Curry with Red Rice and Crispy Shallots, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 27559: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the oats, coconut, almonds, oil, and honey together in a large bowl until they are completely combined. Pour onto a sheet pan and bake, stirring occasionally with a spatula, until the mixture turns a nice, even golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven and allow to cool, stirring once.nCombine the strawberries, blueberries, and pineapple in a bowl. In 4 ice cream sundae glasses, layer first the fruit, then the yogurt, and the cooled granola alternately until you fill the glasses. Serve with a long spoon., ingredients: [1 cup quickcooking not instant rolled oats, 12 cup sweetened, shredded coconut, 12 cup sliced or slivered almonds, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons good honey, 8 to 10 strawberries, smalldiced, 12 cup blueberries, 14 pineapple, smalldiced, 2 cups plain yogurt], title: Fruit Crunch Sundae, picturelink: null}, 27560: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat, add the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the chicken broth and soy sauce and bring to a boil. Add the ravioli and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook for another minute to wilt. Ladle into bowls, top with scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic about 2 cloves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger can also be finely grated with a rasp grater, One 32ounce box lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, One 9ounce package frozen meat ravioli, 1 cup packed baby spinach leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup thinly sliced scallions about 2 stalks], title: Frozen Ravioli Wonton Soup, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 27561: {instructions: Warm a serving platter in a 250 degree F oven.nPile the parsley, anchovies and garlic on a cutting board and finely chop them together. Mix in the lemon zest.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente.nMeanwhile, cut into and across the chicken breasts and open them like a book. Pound into very thin cutlets, 18 to 14inch thick. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides, then dredge in flour to coat. Beat the eggs in a shallow dish with a splash of water.nHeat 2 tablespoons EVOO and 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Dip 2 pieces of the chicken in the egg to coat, then saute until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to the warm platter. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet and cook the remaining pieces of chicken. Add to the platter.nAdd the chicken stock, wine and lemon juice to the skillet and simmer until slightly reduced. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and stir until melted. Add the chicken to the sauce, turning it to coat, then return the chicken to the platter. Add half the parsleyanchovy gremolata to the sauce, then add the pasta and toss for 1 to 2 minutes.nGarnish the chicken with the remaining gremolata and serve alongside the pasta., ingredients: [12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 cloves garlic, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, Salt, 1 pound egg tagliatelle, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, Freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Chicken Francese and Egg Tagliatelle, picturelink: .oQYjll.jd4HfVhw9wupjd5v86ivPgG}, 27562: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCarefully mix the meats, bread crumbs, steak sauce, eggs, salt, and pepper with the tines of a fork, but do not mash them. Lightly form hamburger patties and press lightly into shape.nPrepare a charcoal or a stovetop grill.nCook the hamburgers for 4 minutes on 1 side, then turn and cook 3 minutes on the other side for mediumrare. Remove to a plate and cover with aluminum foil. Allow the hamburgers to rest for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the buns, cut side down, for 1 minute, until toasted. Place a hamburger and a slice of blue cheese in each bun, plus arugula and tomato, if desired, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 1 pound ground sirloin, 12 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs, 14 cup steak sauce recommended: Crosse and Blackwell, 3 extralarge eggs, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 10 hamburger buns, 8 ounces blue cheese, sliced recommended: Danish Blue, Arugula and sliced tomatoes, for serving, optional], title: Blue Cheese Burgers, picturelink: XdtNHfyq0eiqkNAyo0Xhu4mMx3ZXd.}, 27563: {instructions: Spread just enough butter to cover both sides of each slice of bread.nIn a large nonstick pan set over medium heat, add the bread slices and cook until theyre an even golden brown on the first side, about 2 minutes. Flip 2 of the slices over and top each with 2 slices of the cheese. Place the other 2 slices of bread on top, toastedside down, forming 2 sandwiches. Continue to cook the sandwiches until the bottoms are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook the remaining side for an additional 2 minutes., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, at room temperature, for buttering bread, 4 slices country white bread, 4 slices American cheese], title: Grilled Cheese Buns, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 27564: {instructions: Wash and dry the head of cabbage and cut off the end. Carefully remove about 8 leaves ensuring they are not torn and form nice cups to hold the filling.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, ginger, onion and cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until soft.nAdd the red pepper, yellow pepper and turkey and cook until the turkey is almost cooked through and browned slightly, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, red chili sauce, soy sauce and rice vinegar. Let cook another 4 to 5 minutes until the sauce reduces. Remove from the heat.nAdd the fish sauce, sesame oil, cilantro, pine nuts and green onion and stir to combine. To serve, place a spoonful of the mixture in each cabbage cup. Garnish with extra cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [1 head red cabbage, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 5 cloves crushed garlic, 3 tablespoons finely diced fresh peeled ginger, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 pound lean ground turkey, 1 12 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 12 tablespoons red chili sauce, 1 12 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 14 cup cilantro leaves, plus extra for garnish, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 14 cup diced green onion], title: Turkey Pine Nut Cabbage Wraps, picturelink: null}, 27565: {instructions: Place chicken pieces in casserole dish and cover with syrup, oil, vinegar, tomato puree, sherry and soy sauce. Season with salt and pepper and add curry powder, marjoram and cloves. Combine well and marinate for 4 hours at room temperature.nPlace casserole on stove top on low heat and simmer 30 minutes. Add onion, mushrooms, raisins, almonds, green pepper and celery and cook another 30 minutes. Serve with wild rice., ingredients: [1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 2 legs and 2 breasts, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 34 cups tomato puree, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons hot curry powder, 1 teaspoon powdered marjoram, 4 whole cloves, smashed, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 12 cup mushrooms, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 14 cup blanched almonds, 1 green pepper, finely diced, 2 celery stalks, finely sliced], title: Maple Syrup Chicken, picturelink: null}, 27566: {instructions: To clean morels: Cut off tough bottom of stem. Wash in 3 soaks of cold water. To first soak add 2 tablespoons salt and remove any wildlife that is drawn out.nSeason chicken with salt and pepper. In a saute pan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and add chicken breasts. To avoid crowding pan, chicken should be Sauteed in batches. Saute chicken until well browned on both sides and remove. Keep the sauteed chicken warm as you saute the rest. Keep all completed chicken warm as you proceed with morels.nTo same saute pan, add remaining 12 tablespoon of olive oil. Add morels and saute for about 3 minutes. Add shallots and cook for 2 minutes. Add chicken back to pan. Add wine, cover and simmer for 3 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Swirl in butter and serve., ingredients: [12 pound morels, well washed and cleaned see cleaning note, 1 pound chicken breast, skinless and boneless, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil plus 12 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 12 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Wild Morels Sauteed with Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 27567: {instructions: Remove the bone, most of the fat and all of the gristle from the lamb and cut the meat into 1inch cubes.nIn a large Dutch oven, combine 2 tablespoons butter, the oil, onion, thyme, bay leaves, vinegar, stock and salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the lamb cubes and cook, covered, for 1 hour. The meat should be very tender, and there should be very little liquid left in the pan. If there is a lot of liquid in the pan, remove the meat and reduce the liquid over high heat, then return the meat to the pan.nIn a small saucepan, melt the remaining butter and mix in the horseradish and parsley. Cook, stirring, over high heat for 1 minute, then pour the sauce over the meat and toss to coat. Serve immediately.nIn a large, heavybottomed saucepan, heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Add all the chicken parts and brown all over, stirring to avoid burning. Remove the chicken and reserve. Add the carrots, onions, and celery to the pot and cook until soft and browned. Return the chicken to the pot and add 3 quarts of water, the tomato paste, peppercorns, and parsley. Stir with a wooden spoon to dislodge the browned chicken and vegetables bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring almost to a boil, then reduce heat and cook at a low simmer until reduced by half, about 2 hours, occasionally skimming excess fat. Remove from heat, strain, and press on the solids with the bottom of a ladle to extract out all liquids. Stir the stock to facilitate cooling and set aside. Refrigerate stock in small containers for up to a week or freeze for up to a month., ingredients: [4 pounds lamb shoulder, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 34 cup brown chicken stock, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 14 cup freshly grated horseradish, 1 bunch Italian parsley, finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 12 pounds chicken wings, backs, and bones, 3 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 onions, coarsely chopped, 4 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 bunch parsley stems], title: Lamb with Horseradish and Vinegar: Agnello al Raffano, picturelink: null}, 27568: {instructions: In a blender, puree until smooth the jalapeno pepper, garlic, vegetable oil, tomato paste, salt, honey and lime juice. Pour marinade over the chicken. Add the lime zest and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat boiler to medium heat.nArrange chicken on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Broil chicken at least 6 inches from the heat for 4 to 5 minutes per side or until chicken is crispy on the outside and cooked through. Serve with Avocado Dip.nPit and peel avocado. Place avocado in a medium bowl mash. Fold in 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves lime juice, garlic and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup vegetables oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 limes, juiced, 3 pounds chicken wings, rinsed and patted dry, 12 lime, zested, Avocado Dip, recipe follows, 1 avocado, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Lime Marinated Chicken Wings with Avocado Dip, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 27569: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss together green beans, shallots, garlic, oil and salt and pepper in a medium roasting pan. Roast in the oven until the beans are cooked through and light golden brown. Remove from the oven and stir in the lemon zest and hazelnuts. Transfer to a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Garlic Roasted Green Beans with Shallots and Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 27570: {instructions: Cut the garlic cloves in half lengthwise and, if necessary, remove the green germ growing through the center. In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over low heat. Stir in the garlic cloves and cook, stirring often, until the outside of the garlic is translucent and cloves are soft, about 20 minutes. Dont let the garlic brown. Pour in water. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 40 minutes. The garlic will be very tender. To eat the broth on its own, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add vegetables as desired. If using as a soup stock in other recipes, omit the salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 small heads garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 9 cups water, Kosher salt to taste, optional, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, optional], title: Garlic Broth, picturelink: null}, 27571: {instructions: In a large stock pot, bring salted water to a boil. Debeard mussels. Set aside.nIn a large saute pan, over high heat, combine the butter and olive oil. Add the shallots and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until translucent. Do not brown. Add the chili flakes and stir to combine.nAdd the reserved mussels, clams, tarragon, thyme, and rosemary and continue to saute until herbs begin to turn fragrant. Deglaze with white wine and season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and continue to cook over high heat until the shellfish have opened, about 3 to 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, add a couple tablespoons of salt and a drizzle of olive oil to the boiling water. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain. Remove cover from saucepan containing the shellfish and discard the sprig of rosemary. Taste the sauce and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Add the cooked pasta, chopped parsley and tarragon, and Parmesan. Toss with sauce and shellfish until well blended. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound mussels, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for pasta water, 2 shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch dry red pepper flakes, 12 pound clams, 2 sprigs tarragon, leaves stripped, 1 sprig thyme, leaves stripped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 ounces fresh fettucine, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Pasta with Clams and Mussels Mariniere, picturelink: null}, 27572: {instructions: In large pot cook onion in butter over medium high heat. Add carrots and stock. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Add rice and water. Simmer until carrots are soft and rice is done. Puree soup in half batches in a food processor or blender. Return to pot and season to taste. Return to a simmer for 10 minutes. Serve with scallions as a garnish., ingredients: [1 onion, chopped, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 cups 1 chunked carrots, 3 cups hot canned chicken stock, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup rice, uncooked, 1 cup boiling water, 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Carrot Soup with Scallions, picturelink: null}, 27573: {instructions: Prepare the pork chops. Make a brine by combining the water, sugar, salt, thyme sprigs, clove and allspice berries in a resealable bag. Add the pork chops, seal up the bag and put in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDrain the pork chops and pat dry. Using a paring knife, make a horizontal cut into the center of each chop to make a pocket. Stuff a slice of fontina and prosciutto inside each pocket and secure with a toothpick. Set 2 large cast iron skillets over mediumhigh heat and add a 2count of extravirgin olive oil to each skillet. Add 2 chops to each of the skillets and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until golden. Turn chops, push to 1 side and set grape clusters in pan. Drizzle with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper before putting the pans in the oven. Roast chops for 5 to 7 minutes until cooked through and cheese has melted. Remove from oven when done and set chops and clusters of roasted grapes aside on a plate  keep warm.nConsolidate juices into 1 pan and set over medium heat. Add a splash of chicken stock to the pan, scraping the bottom to extract all the flavors. Fold in cold butter while whisking to thicken sauce. Season with salt and pepper. To serve, set 1 pork chop on each plate on top of a Grilled Polenta Square, garnish with a cluster of roasted grapes and drizzle with pan sauce. Set a stack of hydroponic watercress to 1 side and serve.nGrilled Polenta Squares:nBring water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal in a slow steady stream. Lower heat and continue to whisk until the polenta is thick and smooth, about 20 minutes. Add the cream and butter and continue to stir until incorporated. Remove from heat fold in Parmesan and black pepper. Pour the polenta into a buttered 9 by 13inch shallow baking dish and spread evenly with a spatula. Cover and chill a few hours. Cut the polenta into squares. Brush both sides with olive oil and transfer to a hot grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown., ingredients: [4 bonein pork chops, about 1 12 inches thick, 2 quarts water, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 10 cloves, 6 allspice berries, 8 slices about 3 ounces prosciutto, 4 slices about 3 ounces fontina, 12 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 1 pound California red grapes, on the vine and cut into 4 smaller clustersbunches, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grilled Polenta Squares, recipe follows, 8 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups polentayellow cornmeal, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Fresh cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Fontina and Prosciutto Stuffed Pork Chops with Grilled Polenta Squares and Roasted California Grapes, picturelink: null}, 27574: {instructions: Place extravirgin olive oil in large sauce pot over medium high heat, add onions and reduce heat to medium. Saute onions until golden brown then add tomato paste, cook for 1 minute. Turn heat back to high, add remaining ingredients with exception of salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer ingredients for 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove pot from heat, place into blender and puree until smooth. Add salt and pepper.nIf the mixture is not smooth enough add a few teaspoons of water and puree until smooth., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup onion, minced, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 12 cups raisin paste or whole raisins, 4 14 cups cold water, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 14 cups balsamic vinegar, 5 tablespoons applesauce, 5 tablespoons roasted garlic paste, 1 12 teaspoons mustard powder dried mustard, 14 cup corn syrup, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Michaels Steak Sauce, picturelink: 5IABIqNY2gSKKMSqffvkq5LoLbSSZSG}, 27575: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage to the skillet and brown on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a plate.nAdd the bell peppers, onions and remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the saute pan used for the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and garlic. Let cook for 1 minute, and add the chicken stock. Cut the sausages on the diagonal into 2inch pieces and add them to the saute pan. Cook until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nFill the toasted rolls with the sausages, peppers and onions and serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds mild or hot sausages links, 5 medium red bell peppers, cut into thin strips, 2 large red onions, thinly sliced into rings, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 hoagie rolls, split lengthwise threequarters of the way through and toasted], title: Sausage, Peppers and Onions, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 27576: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill with a single layer of hot coals.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the pineapple wedges lightly with the oil and place them on the grill. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes per side until nicely charred and lightly colored. Remove to a serving plate and drizzle with honey., ingredients: [1 large ripe golden pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 8 to 10 wedges, Good olive oil, 14 cup honey], title: Grilled Pineapple, picturelink: M8abYZTtGUe9pL3AgoKDVCA1l1t7F7m}, 27577: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Meyer lemonhoney mustard: Whisk together in a small bowl the mustard, honey, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the burgers: Preheat the grill to high. Form the meat into four 6ounce burgers. If you are not going to cook right away, keep the burgers cold in the refrigerator. Sprinkle the burgers on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. During the last minutes of cooking, add 2 slices of cheese to each burger, cover the grill and let the cheese soften slightly, about 1 minute. Put the burgers on the buns, drizzle with some of the Meyer lemonhoney mustard and top with a few sprigs of watercress. Serve with extra mustard on the side., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 heaping tablespoon clover honey, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh Meyer lemon juice, from Meyer lemons, if possible, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds 90percent lean, freshly ground turkey not all white meat, chilled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices goat cheese, sliced 12inch thick, 4 sesame seed hamburger buns, split and lightly grilled, Watercress, for serving], title: Turkey Burgers, picturelink: XUUgqOB6PagFJeolq9muVg7P0zg9cK}, 27578: {instructions: Place tuna cubes in a bowl with shoyu, onion, green onion, seaweed, and sesame oil. Mix well and then quickly sear in hot oil in a high heat wok. Dont cook for more than 1 or 2 minutes, as you want the center raw. Serve on a bed of greens., ingredients: [4 4 to 6 ounce pieces raw tuna, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 teaspoon shoyu, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon chopped green onion, 14 cup ogo seaweed, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon oil, Bean sprouts, chopped cabbage or greens, as an accompaniment], title: Sams Fried Poke with Tuna, picturelink: null}, 27579: {instructions: In a large stockpot combine the parsley, pepper, onion, chicken, bouillon cubes and 10 cups water. Bring to a boil and cook for about 30 minutes. Remove and reserve the chicken from the broth, then strain the broth into a large bowl. Discard the onion mixture. Allow the chicken to cool and cut into cubes.nMeasure the broth and add water so that you have 8 cups of liquid in the large stockpot. Add the carrots and potatoes, bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are done, about 20 minutes. Add the noodles and cook for 10 minutes more. Remove the pot from the heat and add the rice and reserved chicken. Stir the mixture and let it stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with cubed cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dried parsley, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 5 chicken bouillon cubes, 6 carrots, peeled and sliced, 4 medium red potatoes, peeled and cubed, 6 ounces fettuccine noodles, 34 cups instant rice, uncooked, One 12ounce brick processed cheese, cubed about 3 cups, such as Velveeta], title: Rainy Day Chicken and Rice Soup, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 27580: {instructions: For the dough: Combine all the dough ingredients in large mixing bowl. Mix until well combined. Transfer the dough to another large oiled mixing bowl. Cover and let the rise until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nFor the honey sauce: In medium pot, bring the water to a boil over medium heat and add the sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and lemon juice. Simmer the mixture for 45 minutes, then add the honey and cook for 5 more minutes. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the topping: Mix the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and reserve.nHeat a few inches of oil in a deepfryer over high heat.nUse a tablespoon to form 12inch diameter balls of dough.nAdd the dough balls to the deepfryer and fry until cooked through and golden brown. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Transfer the fried dough balls to a serving platter. Drizzle with honey sauce and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar., ingredients: [3 18 cups allpurpose flour, 34 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon iodized salt, 2 cups water 80 degrees F, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon active dry yeast, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups water, 8 ounces sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cinnamon stick, 14 lemon, juiced, 1ounce honey, 8 ounces sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Guys Honey Ballz: Loukomades, picturelink: null}, 27581: {instructions: Heat up extravirgin olive oil in a deep saucepan. Add the prosciutto or salami and cook until crisp. To make the soffritto, add the onion, celery, carrot, chile pepper, salt, and black pepper. Saute until the onion becomes soft, and then add the potatoes. Stir to prevent the potatoes from sticking to the pan. Add the water and tomato puree.nAdd the spaghetti to the pot. Mix together well and add the Pecorino cheese. Add water, a little at a time periodically and cook for a few minutes until the soup is creamy and thickened.nDrizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with Parmigiano cheese. Allow the soup to cool and thicken. Serve the soup at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 4 ounces100 g prosciutto or salami, chopped, 1 white onion, chopped, 1 celery, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 fresh chile pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 12 cups600 ml water, 10 ounces300 g tomato puree, 10 ounces300 g spaghetti, broken into small pieces, 12 cup125 ml Pecorino cheese, chopped, 12 cup125 ml freshly grated cheese Parmigiano], title: Pasta e Patate: Pasta and Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 27582: {instructions: Chop the chocolate and put in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat pour over the chocolate and let sit until completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir with a rubber spatula or whisk until smooth. If necessary, microwave in 20second intervals until the chocolate melts.nWhisk in the vanilla and raspberry extracts, then stir in the peanut butter. Stir until the ganache is smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.nRoll tablespoonfuls of the ganache into 18 to 24 balls, then roll in cocoa powder. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. To make these in advance, roll into balls but do not coat cover and freeze up to 2 weeks. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before uncovering, then roll in coating.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon raspberry extract, 14 cup peanut butter, Cocoa powder, for coating], title: RaspberryPeanut Butter Chocolate Truffles With Cocoa Powder, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 27583: {instructions: Puree chick peas in a food mill or food processor. Melt butter in a small skillet. Add garlic and simmer over low heat until garlic emits a lovely aroma. Add this to the chick pea puree along with half and half and orange rind. Season to taste with salt and pepper and reheat in a double boiler, or over direct heat, stirring constantly., ingredients: [16ounce can chick peas, drained, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 cup half and half or evaporated low fat milk, 1 teaspoon grated orange rind, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chick Pea and Garlic Puree, picturelink: null}, 27584: {instructions: Drain 1 small can of mandarin oranges, reserving 2 tablespoons juice from can. In a mixing bowl, combine the juice, olive oil and red wine vinegar. Add beets and oranges and toss to combine. Top with mint., ingredients: [1 can mandarin oranges, drain reserving 2 tablespoons juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 can sliced beets, drained, 1 sprig mint, leaves torn], title: Beet and Mandarin Orange Salad with Mint, picturelink: null}, 27585: {instructions: Saute 12 ounces sliced shiitake mushroom caps in butter until golden. Serve over SquashSwirl Mash. Garnish with chopped parsley.nSquashSwirl Peel and cube 1 pound butternut squash boil 8 minutes. Drain, puree and swirl into Classic Mash.nClassic Mashed Potatoes Cover 2 pounds whole russet or Yukon gold potatoes with cold salted water simmer 45 minutes. Drain, peel and mash with 12 to 1 stick butter. Add 1 cup hot milk, and salt and pepper mash until smooth and fluffy.nSee all 50 easy mashed potato recipesnPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: ShiitakeSquash Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 27586: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed until combined, about 1 minute. Add the flour, baking powder, salt and lemon zest and beat just until combined. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the side of the bowl as necessary. Add the nuts and anise seeds and mix until combined. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and shape it into a 12inchlong log. Transfer the log to the prepared baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Leave the oven on. Using a sharp serrated knife, cut the log on the diagonal into 12 inchthick slices. Place the biscotti cut side up on the lined baking sheet and bake for an additional 12 to 14 minutes, or until golden brown and crisp. Cool completely on a wire rack. Store the biscotti in an airtight container in a cool dry place for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 1, zest grated lemon, 2 large eggs, 23 cups slivered almonds, 13 cup shelled pistachio nuts, 1 tablespoon anise seeds], title: PistachioAlmond Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 27587: {instructions: Heat a large skillet with olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter. Season the fillets with some salt and pepper. Place fillets in skillet and cook about 5 minutes on each side. When the fish is cooked, set aside on a plate and deglaze the pan with the vermouth, add the thyme and saffron leaving to bubble until its reduced by two thirds. Add remaining butter and whisk followed by the heavy cream and heat through. Serve fillets with light saffron cream sauce and blanched asparagus., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, Two 6 to 8ounce fillets sea bass, skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup vermouth, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Pinch saffron, 14 cup heavy cream, Blanched asparagus, for serving], title: Pan Fried Sea Bass, picturelink: 35BzHES5JK5uOLKBCjTwv5qUNy5WkW}, 27588: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nCombine kosher salt, black pepper, and cumin in a shallow dish. Roll roast in seasonings, coating well.nPreheat a cast iron grill pan over high heat. Once the pan is hot, brush the roast with the olive oil, and sear on all sides, approximately 8 to 10 minutes total cooking time. Remove the roast to a plate, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nPlace the roast back onto the grill pan, put in the oven and cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 135 degrees F, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, wrap in foil, and allow to rest for 30 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground cumin, 1 to 1 14pound tenderloin roast cut from the center of the whole tenderloin, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: Center Cut Tenderloin Roast, picturelink: null}, 27589: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tequila, Cointreau, ginger syrup, lime juice and ice cubes in a cocktail shaker and shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass with or without a salt rim use the lime wedge to wet the rim. Garnish with pickled ginger.nCombine the tequila, Cointreau, grapefruit juice, lime juice and ice cubes in a cocktail shaker and shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass with or without a salt rim use the lime wedge to wet the rim. Garnish with sliced grapefruit.nCombine the tequila, Cointreau, orange juice, tamarind syrup, lime juice and ice cubes in a cocktail shaker and shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass with or without a salt rim use the lime wedge to wet the rim. Garnish with orange zest and pomegranate seeds.nBring the sugar, 1 cup water and ginger to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture thickens slightly. Remove from heat and infuse for 30 minutes. Strain before using.nBring the sugar, 1 cup water and tamarind paste to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture thickens slightly. Remove from heat and infuse for 30 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [2 ounces white tequila, 1 ounce Cointreau, 1 ounce Ginger Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, Ice cubes, Coarse salt, optional, Lime wedge, optional, Pickled ginger, for garnish, 2 ounces white tequila, 1 ounce Cointreau, 1 ounce grapefruit juice, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, Ice cubes, Coarse salt, optional, Lime wedge, optional, Sliced grapefruit, for garnish, 2 ounces white tequila, 1 ounce Cointreau, 12 ounce orange juice, 1 ounce Tamarind Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, Ice cubes, Coarse salt, optional, Lime wedge, optional, Wide strip orange zest, for garnish, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup tamarind paste], title: Trio of Margaritas  Ginger, Grapefruit and Tamarind, picturelink: M9.wb4owffriuhcvckVrWS0DiWDL.pS}, 27590: {instructions: Drain pineapple reserve 34 cup juice.nStir together melted butter and brown sugar in 12inch skillet with heatproof handle. Arrange pineapple slices in sugar mixture. Place cherry in center of each pineapple slice.nPrepare cake mix according to package directions, replacing water with reserved 34 cup juice. Pour batter evenly over pineapple.nBake at 350 degrees F., 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.nCool 5 minutes. Loosen edges and invert onto serving platter.nNote: Cake can be baked in 13x9inch baking pan instead of skillet. Prepare and assemble cake as above except cut two pineapple slices in half and place whole slices along edges of pan and halved slices in center. Place cherries in center of slices. Bake and cool as above.nMini Upside Down Cakes:nDrain 1 can 20 oz. DOLEu00ae Crushed Pineapple, reserve juice.nGrease 24 muffin cups. Stir 13 cup melted butter with 23 cup packed brown sugar.nEvenly spoon mixture into bottom of cups spoon about 1 tablespoon crushed pineapple over sugar mixture.nPrepare cake mix as above. Evenly pour batter into cups.nBake 20 to 25 minutes.nInvert onto serving platter. Makes 24.nPer Serving: 293 calories, 7g fat 4g sat., 0mg cholesterol, 310mg sodium, 58g carbohydrate, 1g protein, ingredients: [1 can 20 oz. DOLEu00ae Pineapple Slices, 14 cup butter or margarine, melted, 23 cup packed brown sugar, 10 maraschino cherries, 1 package 18.25 oz. yellow or pineappleflavored, cake mix], title: Easy Upside Down Cake, picturelink: MQktrC11vuTgfI8gW7Cjsp2qkzsD3H.}, 27591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer beat together the egg yolks and sugar until the yolks lighten in color and the sugar is completely dissolved. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, over medium heat, combine the milk and heavy cream and bring just to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Decrease the heat to low and temper in the egg mixture. Cook until the mixture just begins to thicken, approximately 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the nutmeg, bourbon and rum. Pour into a medium mixing bowl and set in the refrigerator. Chill the mixture in the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 40 degrees F, stirring occasionally. Once chilled, process in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Place in an airtight container and put in freezer for 2 hours before serving, ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 1 pint whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 14 ounces bourbon, 1 14 ounces dark rum, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Eggnog Ice Cream, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 27592: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Trim bean sprouts. Blanch just until tender in boiling water and pat dry. In a large pan stirfry bean sprouts with soy, sesame oil, sesame seeds, garlic, ginger and spring onions. Season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice cucumber. Sprinkle with salt and cover with cold water. Allow to sit for one hour. Drain, rinse in fresh water and pat to remove excess water. In a large bowl combine vinegar, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Add cucumber and toss to coat. To prepare: Place a layer of cooked rice in 4 heated ovenproof bowls. Arrange layers of the bean sprout mixture, cucumber mixture, Fiddlehead Salad and Spinach Salad over rice. Place in oven for 5 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle with kingui and toasted sesame seeds. Add kochujang to taste. Serve with kimchi.nIn a large pot of boiling, lightly salted water, blanch spinach for about 2 minutes, until just tender. Drain well. Pat the spinach dry with a towel or squeeze dry with hands. Chop spinach into large pieces. In a large bowl combine sugar, soy and sesame oil. Add spinach add toss to coat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Serve warm or chilled.nIn a large pot of boiling, lightly salted water, blanch fiddleheads until just tender. Drain well. In a large bowl combine sugar, soy sauce and sesame oil. Add fiddleheads and toss to coat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups steamed white rice, 8 ounces mung bean or soy bean sprouts, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 garlic clove, crushed into a paste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger, 4 spring onions, finely chopped on the bias, 1 large cucumber, Salt, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 pound Fiddlehead Salad see recipe below, 1 pound Spinach Salad see recipe below, 2 sheets kingui, cut into strips, if available, Toasted sesame seeds, Kochujang, to taste, 1 pound baby spinach, washed, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 12 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 1 pound fiddlehead ferns, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted], title: Pibimbap, picturelink: null}, 27593: {instructions: In a large bowl, marinate the pieces of chicken in buttermilk. Cover with plastic wrap and leave in the refrigerator overnight. This will tenderize the chicken.nHeat oil in a deep fryer. Drain and discard the buttermilk. In a food processor, combine the marinated chicken, egg, chives, Parmesan, soy sauce, garlicflavored hot sauce, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Blend until a smooth paste is formed, about 1 minute. Make about 2inch by 1inch nuggets, lining them up on a baking tray. In a shallow bowl, add the flour and in a second bowl the beaten eggs, and in a third bowl the panko bread crumbs. Coat the nuggets in flour, then egg, and then the panko crumbs and place the nuggets back on the tray. Deep fry in small batches until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Alternately, heat 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a large skillet and fry, turning every 2 minutes, for about 10 minutes.nFor the dipping sauce: Combine the mustard, honey, salt, and pepper in a bowl and mix well. Cooks Note: Can be made up to 1 day in advance.nCooks Note: Soaking the chicken in Buttermilk will result in tender and juicy chicken.nYou can buy buttermilk in the dairy product section of a supermarket, but mixing 1 cup of milk with 1 tablespoon of lemon juice or vinegar achieves the same result., ingredients: [Chicken Nuggets, 8 chicken thighs, skinned and deboned, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon garlicflavored hot pepper sauce recommended: garlicflavored Tabasco, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup flour, for dredging, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, HoneyMustard Dipping Sauce, 14 cup mild yellow mustard, 14 cup honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Nuggets, picturelink: null}, 27594: {instructions: Combine the marinade ingredients in a nonreactive bowl large enough to accommodate the steak and mix well to dissolve the sugar. Submerge the steak in the liquid and let it marinate for 2 days, covered, in the refrigerator.nWhen you are ready to cook, remove the flank steak from the marinade and let it come to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Heat a grill or grill pan on high heat. Rub the steak with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Grill the steak for about 8 to 10 minutes per side for medium rare. Let the steak rest for about 15 minutes before slicing.nWhile the steak is cooking and resting, heat the remaining olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Remove the onions and pears from the marinade and saute them until they are golden and caramelized, about 8 minutes. Set the onions and pears aside and strain the marinade into the hot skillet. Cook until the marinade is reduced by half.nTo serve, slice the steak into thin slices against the grain. Top the slices with the caramelized onions and pears and the reduced marinade., ingredients: [3 Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup white grape juice, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup beef stock, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 pounds flank steak, trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pear Balsamic Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 27595: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill over mediumhigh heat. Lay 2 sheets of aluminum foil, about 14 inches long, on top of each other and crimp the edges together and up slightly so it resembles a rimmed baking sheet. Put the beans in the center and toss with 1 tablespoon of the oil, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.n2. Place the foil baking sheet on the grill and add 2 tablespoons water. Grill the beans, tossing with long tongs occasionally, until lightly charred and softened, about 10 minutes. Add the onions and another 2 tablespoons of water and continue to grill until the beans and onions are tender, another 6 to 7 minutes.n3. While the beans grill, cook the bacon in a small skillet over medium heat until crispy transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain. Pour off the bacon drippings, leaving about a tablespoon in the skillet. Remove the skillet from the heat and immediately stir in the mustard, vinegar and remaining 1 tablespoon oil until combined.n4. Transfer the beans and onions to a bowl and add the vinaigrette from the skillet. Toss well, crumble the bacon over top and serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium red onion, sliced about 23 cup, 2 slices bacon, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar], title: Grilled Green Beans with Bacon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 27596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFreeze 6 wine glasses for at least 15 minutes.nPour the sparkling wine, vodka and lemon juice into a blender. Add the sorbet and ice cream. Blend until thick and smooth, 15 to 30 seconds. Pour into the chilled glasses.nSpear some berries on a small skewer or toothpick to garnish the glasses. Serve immediately.nAlternatively, freeze the mixture for several hours until firm and scoop into the glasses and garnish with berries., ingredients: [1 12 cups chilled Spanish sparkling wine cava or prosecco, 2 tablespoons vodka, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 pint lemon sorbet, 12 cup lemon ice cream, such as HaagenDazs Five, Fresh strawberries or raspberries], title: Spanish Lemon Fizz, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 27597: {instructions: Toss the 2 cheeses together with the cornstarch. Rub the inside of a heavy saucepan with the cut garlic clove. Add wine and 2 tablespoons Kirsch and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the cheese mixture, stirring, until mixture is hot and smooth.nAdd remaining 2 tablespoons Kirsch if mixture is too thick. Season with nutmeg and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a fondue pot and serve immediately with dippers of choice., ingredients: [12 pound Gruyere, coarsely grated, 12 pound Emmental, coarsely grated, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 garlic clove, 23 cup dry white wine Chardonnay is fine, 4 tablespoons Kirsch dry cherry brandy, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, Dipping items of your choice, such as bread cubes or apples], title: Swiss Fondue, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 27598: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly butter a baking sheet.nIn a food processor pulse 1 cup almonds with granulated sugar until ground fine. Add egg white, almond extract, and a pinch salt and pulse until combined. Roll mixture into 16 balls, about 1 inch in diameter, and arrange about 2 inches apart on baking sheet. Slightly flatten balls and dust lightly with confectioners sugar. Gently press 1 almond into each cookie.nBake macaroons in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until pale golden. Transfer macaroons to a rack and cool completely. Macaroons keep 4 days in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup whole almonds preferably blanched, plus 16 whole raw almonds, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg white, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch salt, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Almond Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 27599: {instructions: Put the potatoes into a large pot and cover them with water. Add a big pinch of salt, then cover, and put over high heat. Bring to a boil, uncover, and cook just until the potatoes start to soften but are not cooked all the way through, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return them to the warm pot. Shake the potatoes around to roughen up the sides and to let them dry out. Put them into a bowl.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put a baking sheet in the oven to preheat.nAdd the olive oil, grill seasoning, paprika and pepper, to taste, to the potatoes and toss to coat. Spread the potatoes out onto the preheated baking sheet and roast them until they are cooked through and crispy, about 20 to 25 minutes, flipping the potatoes once halfway through the cooking time. Remove the potatoes from the oven to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, Kosher salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 teaspoons paprika, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}}