{27600: {instructions: THE MEHLSUPPE Into a saucepan, pour the hot clarified butter and add the flour. Beat the two together with a wooden spoon or spurtle and return the pan to high heat to cook the flour. Continue to stir and the mixture will gradually deepen in color without actually burning the flour.nIn another pan fry the bacon rind on high heat until the fat oozes out. Add the mirepoix finely chopped vegetables and cook for 3 minutes. Add this to the flour mixture and saute them all together. Pour in 2 cups of chicken stock and whisk together briskly. Add red wine to deepen the color and the flavor of the soup. Bring it to a boil and add another 2 cups of chicken stock. Boil and continue to add the stock as it thickens. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 12 hours stirring often. Add salt and pepper to taste. A grating of nutmeg also improves the flavor.nTHE BUTTEROSTI Parboil the potatoes in salted water for 5 minutes. Drain thoroughly and cool. Grate them lengthwise onto a plate making the strands as long as possible. Melt the butter in an omelet pan over high heat. Add the potatoes and season generously with salt and pepper. With a spoon, disturb the potatoes by chopping them so that they get evenly cooked. When the underside is cooked, flip over like an omelet and keep tossing the more the better Constantly add more butter to prevent the potatoes from drying out. This should now look like a beautifully browned omelet pancake. Carefully slide it from the pan to a serving platter and serve at once., ingredients: [3 ounces hot clarified butter, 1 cup flour, sifted, 14 pound bacon rind cut, into tiny pieces, 2 ounces celery, finely diced, 2 ounces carrot, finely diced, 2 ounces leek, finely diced, 7 12 cups chicken stock, 12 cup dry red wine, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound potatoes, peeled, 14 cup butter, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Mehlsuppe and Butterosti, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 27601: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with paper towels set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine top sirloin, pork, veal, olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add cheese, parsley, and eggs. Squeeze water from bread. Tear into small pieces and add to meat mixture. Add 34 cup bread crumbs stir to combine.nWith damp hands, form 14 cup of the mixture into a ball. Repeat with remaining mixture.nHeat light olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is very hot, add meatballs in 1 layer. Cook until golden brown all over, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground top sirloin, 34 pound ground pork, 34 pound ground veal, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 slice Italian bread, soaked in water, 34 cup unseasoned dry bread crumbs, 12 cup light olive oil], title: Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 27602: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, combine the cereal, pretzels, Cheddar crackers, wasabi peas, peanuts and crushed ramen noodles.nIn a saute pan, melt the butter, then stir in the ramen seasoning packet and grated Parmesan. Pour over the cereal mixture and toss to coat. Spread evenly between the 2 baking sheets and bake until the mixture is fragrant and the cheese is melted, about 12 minutes. Let cool and serve., ingredients: [4 cups honey nut cereal, such as Chex, 2 cups salted pretzel sticks, hollows or squares, 2 cups grooved Cheddar crackers, such as CheezIt, 1 cup wasabi peas, 1 cup unsalted peanuts, One 3ounce package ramen noodle soup, noodles broken into pieces, seasoning packet reserved, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Everything Snack Mix, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 27603: {instructions: Beat together the lemon juice, sugar, eggs, egg yolks and lemon zest in a glass bowl. Place the bowl over a pot of simmering water, without touching the water, and whisk continuously until the mixture thickens, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Let cool and refrigerate for best taste., ingredients: [34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, Zest of 2 lemons, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter], title: Crespellas Lemon Curd, picturelink: null}, 27604: {instructions: Place a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the oil. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds.nAdd the ketchup, peach jam and peaches. Reduce heat to low and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, in a medium heatproof bowl, dissolve the brown sugar and kosher salt in boiling water, then stir in the ice cubes to cool. Add the pork chops, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate about 30 minutes. Remove the pork chops from the brine, rinse them well and dry thoroughly with paper towels.nPour half the barbecue sauce into a shallow baking dish reserve remaining sauce. Add the pork chops, turning to coat both sides.nPrepare a mediumhot grill or grill pan. Grill the chops until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side, basting chops with barbecue sauce. Remove from the grill and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Serve with the remaining sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 sweet onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup peach jam, 2 ripe peaches, pitted and cut into 34inch chunks, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 cups boiling water, 3 cups ice cubes, 4 bonein pork loin chops 1 12 to 2 pounds], title: Brown Sugar Pork Chops with Georgia Peach BBQ Sauce, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 27605: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a large bowl or pitcher with plenty of ice. Stir and servenCopyright 2010, Diageo, Norwalk, Connecticut. Please drink responsibly, ingredients: [1 oz Smirnoff Tuscan Lemonade, 12 oz Stirrings Pomegranate Liqueur, 1 oz Seltzer], title: Pomegranate Lemonade Punch, picturelink: Pl29lX3oGz69zMDz20GYX6.liYl1ZC}, 27606: {instructions: Make the ice cream center: Line a 2 12quart bowl that is 9inches across in diameter with plastic wrap so that the wrap comes over the sides of the bowl. Soften the ice cream either in a microwave or by letting it sit at room temperature until soft. Using a rubber spatula, spread the ice cream into the bottom of the bowl evenly. It should fill the bowl about 34 full. Smooth the top. Sprinkle ice cream with nuts or chocolate chips if using. You can make a multiflavored Alaska by using different flavors of ice cream, freezing each layer before adding a new one. Cover the ice cream and bowl with plastic wrap and place into the freezer until hardened, at least 4 hours, or overnight.nMake the brownie base: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease the bottom and sides of an 8inch round cake pan. Line the pan with aluminum foil so that the excess foil comes up and over the sides of the pan. Lightly grease the inside of the foil in the pan.nMelt chocolate and butter in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring, until smooth. Remove bowl from pan and whisk 34 cup sugar into chocolate mixture it will seem a little bit grainy. Whisk in eggs and salt, then sift cocoa over, and whisk until just combined.nPour batter into pan, spreading evenly, and bake in middle of oven until a tester comes out with a few crumbs adhering, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool brownie in pan on a rack 5 minutes, then carefully lift foil and cake out of the pan together by lifting the excess foil on the sides of the pan. Cool to room temperature.nTo assemble: Remove the bowl with the ice cream from the freezer and remove the plastic wrap covering the top. Open the plastic wrap covering the ice cream so that the ice cream is exposed. Carefully invert the brownie on the foil and place it directly on top of the ice cream. Press down slightly so it adheres. Peel off the foil and wrap the plastic wrap over the brownie. Tightly cover the bowl with another piece of plastic wrap and return to the freezer for about 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F and set the rack in the middle of the oven.nAfter ice cream and cake have been freezing 20 minutes, beat egg whites and a pinch of salt with an electric mixer until foamy, then add lemon juice, and continue to beat until whites hold soft peaks. Gradually add the sugar, beating, and continue beating until whites just hold stiff, glossy peaks.nFill a large bowl halfway with hot water. Remove icecream base from freezer and briefly dip it into the bowl with hot water to loosen it, being careful not to get any water into the bowl. Invert the icecream basebowl onto an ovensafe, decorative platter or sheet tray. Lift the bowl off of the icecream mound and remove the plastic wrap. With an offset spatula, mound meringue over it, spreading to cover brownie layer completely. Form decorative peaks in the meringue by making short vertical strokes with the spatula. Bake in middle of oven until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Serve immediately.nCooks notes: The base can be assembled 1 week ahead and frozen, tightly wrapped. Make meringue and, after topping base, bake Alaska 10 minutes.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 1pint containers superpremium ice cream, softened, Finely chopped nuts, optional, Chocolate Chips, optional, 4 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, 34 cup sugar, 3 whole large eggs, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup egg whites about 8 large egg whites, Pinch salt, 14 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup sugar], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 27607: {instructions: Place the pork, fatside up, in a roasting pan fitted with a rack insert, and using a sharp knife, score the surface of the meat with small slits. Mash the garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper into a paste on a cutting board with the flat side of a knife place the adobo in a bowl and stir in the oil and vinegar. Rub the garlic paste all over the pork, being sure to get into the incisions so the salt can penetrate the meat and pull out the moisture  this will help form a crust on the outside when cooked. Cover the pork with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nAllow the meat to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the pork for 3 hours, uncovered, until the skin is crispybrown. Let the meat rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 boneless pork shoulder about 4 pounds, skin on, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 handful fresh oregano, 4 tablespoons Kosher salt 1 tablespoon for every pound of meat, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar], title: Roasted Pork Shoulder Pernil Al Horno, picturelink: null}, 27608: {instructions: For the sauce: Steam lobster for 15 minutes. Cool completely, 45 minutes to 1 hour, and remove the meat from the shells. Keep claw meat whole. Coarsely chop tail meat. Break up all shells and save for the sauce. Reserve lobster meat in the refrigerator.nHeat canola oil in saute pan and saute vegetables with thyme leaves until shallots are transparent. Add reserved lobster shells to pan and cook for 1 minute, stirring shells to completely heat and coat. Pour in sherry and then brandy to deglaze pan simmer for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer on low heat until reduced by half, about 4 minutes.nMix in the tomato paste and add salt and pepper, to taste. Add the heavy cream, stir, and bring to a simmer. Simmer gently until cream and tomato paste bind, about 2 minutes.nStrain sauce in a strainer over a small bowl. Keep warm until other seafood is prepared.nFor the seafood: Heat pan with canola oil to medium. In a small bowl mix together salt, pepper, thyme, and parsley. Liberally coat cod fillets with seasoning mixture, then drizzle with olive oil. Place fillets, skin side down, in hot saute pan. Allow fish to cook 3 to 4 minutes until skin side is crusted nicely, then carefully turn and cook 3 to 4 minutes on other side.nWhile fish is finishing, place a generous handful of field greens on each plate. Lean sauteed fish against the greens.nQuickly pour excess oil off from pan and saute shrimp until pink, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Lift out shrimp to plate and add chopped lobster and crabmeat to the pan. Add brandy cream sauce and heat mixture briefly until warmed. Pour half of seafoodcream sauce mixture over bottom half of each fillet. Garnish each plate with one lobster claw and two shrimp., ingredients: [One 1 12pound lobster, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 2 shallots, minced, 1 small carrot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed, 1 12 tablespoons Sherry, 1 12 tablespoons brandy, 14 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon minced thyme, 1 teaspoon minced parsley, Two 6ounce cod fillets, Mixed field greens, 4 jumbo shrimp, 2 ounces crabmeat], title: PanSeared Boston Cod Fish with Crab and Lobster Brandy Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27609: {instructions: In a large bowl combine veal, pork, prosciutto, cheeses, garlic, fennel, artichokes, herbs, egg, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper and mix well. Trim excess fat from flank steak and pound to approximately 18  thickness.This takes a few minutes, but it is important to the recipe. Use a kitchen mallet or a heavy flat weight such as a wine bottle. Spread stuffing over meat, covering it completely. Lay egg quarters down center, lenghtwise, and roll meat around stuffing without overlapping. Tie with kitchen string at oneinch intervals to hold securely if any stuffing escapes, carefully push back in.nHeat a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 14 cup of the reserved artichoke oil. Heat oil and add stuffed beef roll to hot oil and brown on all sides. Add wine, cover and cook over low heat for 45 minutes. Turn beef roll over halfway through cooking. When cooked, transfer meat to a serving platter and remove the string. Slice and serve with the pan juices. The Falso Magro roll is also terrific served on buffets, at picnics or even cold the next day., ingredients: [12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound prosciutto, diced, 12 cup diced Asiago cheese 2 ounces, 12 cup diced fontina cheese  2 ounces, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chopped fennel, 2 cups marinated artichokes, cut into 1inch piecesreserve oil in jar, 12 cup coarsely chopped Italian parsley, 12 cup minced fresh sage leaves, 1 egg ,beaten1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 to 2 pounds flank steak, 2 hardcooked eggs, 12 cup dry red wine], title: Rolled Beef with Artichoke Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 27610: {instructions: To cure the pheasant: In a large bowl combine the water, 14 cup each of sugar and salt, mixing to dissolve. Add the pheasant breasts, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nTo make sauces: In a large, nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots cooking until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla bean and seeds, white wine, cider, and cream. Bring to a simmer cooking until the liquids are reduced and thickened to sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Add the ginger. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nIn another saucepan, combine the red wine and the honey. Bring to a simmer over high heat cooking until reduced to coat the back of a spoon, about 15 minutes. Reserve.nTo cook the pheasants: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large nonstick ovenproof skillet, add 2 tablespoons butter and melt over high heat. Season the pheasant with salt, pepper, and coriander. Add the pheasant skin side down, cooking until browned and wellseared, about 5 minutes. Turn over and transfer the pan to the lower rack of the oven. Cook until just about medium, about 6 to 8 minutes depending on the size of the pheasant breast. Carefully remove the hot pan from the oven. Allow to rest a couple of minutes before cutting.nIn another large, nonstick, skillet heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over high heat. Add the Anjou pears cooking until they just begin to soften slightly, about 2 minutes. Add two tablespoons of the sugar cooking while occasionally stirring until browned on the edges, about 4 minutes. Remove the pears and keep warm.nTo Serve: Position the rice pilaf mixture in a cylinder form in the center of each hot serving plate. Position the pear slices around the rice cylinder. Slice the pheasant on a bias to yield 4 or 6 thin broad slices. Stack the slices on top of the rice cylinder. Spoon the vanillaginger and red wine sauce artistically over and around the pheasant and on the plate. Sprinkle the dish with freshly ground black pepper and chives. Garnish with the vanilla bean and sprigs of chive over the pheasant. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large pheasant breasts, removed from the bone with skin and wing tip attached use, 8 pheasant breasts if small, 6 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup salt, 1 quart cold water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup diced shallots, 1 large vanilla bean, split lengthwise in half and scraped to gather the vanilla seeds, 12 cup dry white wine, preferably Chardonnay, 1 cup pear cider, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons preserved ginger, minced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups dry red wine, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, toasted and crushed fine, 2 Anjou pears reds preferably, halved, cored and sliced into 12inch thick slices, 2 cups rice pilaf, formed into a cylinder in a gelatin mold, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 4 chives blades, for garnish], title: Pan Roasted Breast of Pheasant with Vanilla and Pears, picturelink: null}, 27611: {instructions: For the Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Sauce:nHeat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the red peppers and cook for 1 minute.nAdd the tomatoes, bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor and process until smooth. Return the mixture back to the pot, add the parsley, basil and oregano and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 10 minutes longer and season with honey, if needed.nTo dry out the bread crumbs:nPreheat the oven to 300 degree F.nEvenly spread the bread crumbs on a large baking sheet and place in the oven. Bake for 5 minutes, turn the oven off and let the bread crumbs sit in the oven for 30 minutes or until just dry.nRaise the temperature of the oven up to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter the bottom and sides of a 15 by 10 by 2inch baking dish and set aside.nPlace the bread crumbs into a large shallow bowl. Add the herbs, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon of pepper. In another medium shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and 2 tablespoons of water together.nSeason each eggplant slice on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge each eggplant slice in the flour, tapping off excess, then dip it in the egg, and finally dredge it in the bread crumb mixture. Shake off any excess breading and transfer the egg plant to a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining eggplant.nHeat 12inch of oil in 2 large straightsided saute pans over medium heat until the oil reaches a temperature of 385 degrees F. Working in small batches, fry a few of the eggplant slices, turning once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes per batch. Using tongs, transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining eggplant.nCover the bottom of the prepared baking dish with some of the tomato sauce and arrange 12 of the eggplant over the sauce. Cover the eggplant with some of the sauce, grated mozzarella, fontina, Romano cheese and some of the basil. Repeat to make 3 layers ending with the sauce. Top with the fresh mozzarella and remaining Romano and bake until hot and just beginning to brown, about 30 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 28ounce cans plum tomatoes and their juices, crushed with your hands, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped oregano leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, to taste, 5 cups fresh dried breadcrumbs made from dried dayold bread, Butter, for greasing the dish, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons water, 2 to 3 medium eggplants about 2 14pounds, cut into 12inchthick round slices need about 18 slices, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 ounces grated mozzarella not fresh, plus12 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 12 ounces grated fontina, 34 cup grated Pecorino Romano, Fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: mEFd5qMyTih3kDX2RIzCOV54iwYhGjC}, 27612: {instructions: Fill a medium pot half full of water add salt and bring to a boil over high heat.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the onion, garlic and basil and cook, tossing, until the onion turns translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes and some salt and pepper. Cook until the tomatoes are soft, about 5 minutes, then mix in the sliced sausage and spinach to warm. Remove from the heatnDrop the pappardelle in the boiling water and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the pasta, then add it to the tomatosausage mixture or use tongs to carefully transfer it from the water to the tomatosausage mixture. Next, add the cheese and butter and toss or stir until the pasta is colored by the sauce and the sauce thickens. Place in bowls and drizzle with the truffle infused oil., ingredients: [Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced sweet onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 4 large leaves fresh basil, julienned, 3 ounces chicken stock, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 links sweet Italian sausage, roasted and sliced thin on an angle, 1 cup lightly chopped baby spinach leaves, 6 ounces fresh pappardelle pasta approximately 16 ribbons, 1 12 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, 12 teaspoon white truffleinfused olive oil], title: Pappardelle con Salsiccia e Spinaci Pappardelle with Sausage and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 27613: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, toss together the berries. Spoon the berries into serving dishes and set aside.nMeanwhile, combine the egg yolks, sugar, grapefruit juice, and salt in a large metal or glass bowl. Whisk vigorously until combined and the color is a pale yellow. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Be very careful not to let the bottom of the bowl touch the simmering water. Using a whisk or an electric hand mixer, vigorously whisk the egg mixture until it has tripled in volume and is very thick and creamy, about 4 to 5 minutes.nSpoon the warm zabaglione over the berries. Top with a light sprinkle of grapefruit zest. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups mix of hulled and quartered strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, andor blackberries, 4 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh grapefruit juice, Pinch kosher salt, Grated grapefruit zest], title: Grapefruit Zabaglione over Mixed Berries, picturelink: MMkA.yRdkvHrnP8PivyEhW4ScE6Q6q}, 27614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush a baking sheet and the wonton skins lightly on both sides with 2 teaspoons of oil. Season with salt and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until browned and crisp. Transfer to a cooling rack and reserve.nIn a large heavy skillet or wok, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion, garlic, cabbage, celery, bamboo shoots, and mushrooms and stirfry until cabbage is soft and wilted, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sugar, 34 cup of the chicken broth, soy sauce, and sesame oil and cook for 3 minutes. Add the sherrycornstarch mixture and, if the mixture is a little dry, the additional 14 cup chicken stock. Add the turkey or chicken and heat through. Serve the chop suey over the cooked brown rice and top with sesame seeds and reserved crushed wonton skins., ingredients: [8 3 by 3inch packaged Chinese wonton skins, separated, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons canola oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 scallions, greens included, trimmed and thinly sliced about 14 cup, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 cups sliced napa cabbage, 34 cup celery, thinly sliced about 4 celery hearts or 2 long stalks, 1 8ounce can bamboo shoots, drained and julienned, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and thinly sliced about 6 ounces, 34 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon cooking sherry, 2 cups cubed or shredded cooked turkey or chicken, 2 cups cooked brown rice, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Chop Suey, picturelink: T3DxQtrNZxPg8njMbTzKXiDt2deFHzu}, 27615: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and stir until softened. Add the vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chili powder, cayenne pepper and some salt and black pepper to the saucepan and simmer on mediumlow heat until thickened, about 35 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 12 cups ketchup, 34 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jamies BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27616: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Savory Halloween Recipes, picturelink: null}, 27617: {instructions: Combine the carbonated water, sugar and root beer concentrate in an extralarge bowl or punch bowl  something that is foodsafe and wont break when the dry ice is added. Dont cover with a lid. Gently stir until the sugar is dissolved. Add the dry ice to the mixture in a wellventilated area. The mixture will start to bubble. Let the mixture sit for 15 minutes to fully carbonate.nLadle some of the root beer into a glass. Top with desired amount of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 gallon carbonated water, 2 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons root beer concentrate, 1 pound broken dry ice, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Homemade Root Beer Float, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 27618: {instructions: Add the berries, banana, milk and yogurt. Depending on the power of your appliance, you may need to stop it, stir the ingredients and then continue blending. If the consistency is too thin, blend in some ice cubes. Transfer to a bowl, add toppings, and enjoy with a spoon, ingredients: [Ice, for thickening, Toppings of choice, 1 cup frozen berries, 12 medium banana, frozen, 12 cup almond milk, 12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt], title: Berrylicious Smoothie Bowl, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 27619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut cubed sweet potatoes in a steamer basket. Place the basket in a large pot of simmering water that is no closer than 2 inches from the bottom of steamer. Allow potatoes to steam for 20 minutes of until fork tender. Mash cooked potatoes and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside.nIn another bowl combine the sweet potatoes, milk, brown sugar, butter, and grated orange rind. Stir the sweet potato mixture into the flour mixture and thoroughly combine. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Gradually fold egg whites into batter 13 at a time. The batter will be thick. Using a No. 20 disher scoop, place 2 scoops of batter onto a preheated, oiled waffle iron, and cook until lightly browned, about 5 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups peeled and cubed sweet potatoes, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup milk, 14 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind, Vegetable spray, for waffle iron, Special equipment: steamer basket and waffle iron], title: Sweet Potato Waffles, picturelink: s0LfYTWM0xm5RJuiiUvXIe0XnPhmk2}, 27620: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2quart baking dish.nFor the filling: Toss the apples, butterscotch chips, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, allspice, and lemon juice together in a large bowl. Add to the buttered baking dish and dot with butter.nFor the topping: In a separate bowl, combine the flour, sugar, oats, and salt. Blend the butter into the mixture until it forms pea size lumps. Stir in the pecans and sprinkle over the filling.nBake until the apples are tender and butterscotch is bubbling, about 45 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving. Plate with a scoop of butter pecan ice cream on top., ingredients: [5 Granny Smith apples about 2 pounds, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 11ounce bag butterscotch chips, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for greasing, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup quick oats, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup butter, 34 cup pecans, chopped, Butter pecan ice cream, for serving], title: Butterscotch Apple Crisp, picturelink: pRfvbSWqSYUJaKezsfhS7bslSvmUzG}, 27621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place raspberries in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse until liquefied, for about 1 minute. Strain the raspberries through a fine strainer, into a 5quart bowl, using a rubber spatula to press down on the seeds to extract as much puree as possible about 34cup puree. Discard the seeds. Set the puree aside until needed. In a sifter, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Sift onto a large piece of waxed paper and set aside until needed. Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the white chocolate and 4 ounces of butter in the top half. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate and butter until completely melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Transfer the melted white chocolate and butter into an empty 5 quart bowl and set aside until needed. Again, heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the semisweet chocolate and the remaining 8 ounces of butter in the top half of the double boiler. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate and butter until completely melted and smooth, about 7 minutes. Transfer the melted semisweet chocolate and butter to an empty 5quart bowl and set aside until needed. Place the eggs, sugar, and vanilla extract in the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with a balloon whip. Whisk on high for 2 minutes until soft. Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl, then whisk on high for 4 minutes until slightly thickened and lemon colored. Operate the mixer on low while gradually adding the sifted dry ingredients until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Remove the bowl from the mixer and add the sour cream. Use a rubber spatula to mix the ingredients until thoroughly combined. Portion 2 cups of the batter into the bowl containing the pureed raspberries and stir until smooth. Portion 1 cup of the batter into the bowl containing the melted white chocolate mixture and stir until smooth. Portion the remaining 2 cups of batter into the bowl containing the melted semisweet chocolate mixture and stir until smooth. Pour the dark chocolate batter into a 9 by 13 by 2 inch nonstick baking pan and spread evenly over the bottom. Pour the white chocolate batter onto the top of the dark chocolate batter in swirls. Pour the raspberry batter over the other 2 batters in the same manner. Use the blade of a paring knife to swirl the batters together in a fanciful pattern you should have fun doing this. Bake on the center rack of the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Remove the brownies from the oven and allow to cool in the pan at room temperature for 1 hour. Use a serrated knife with rounded tip to cut the brownies into 24 2inch squares.nTip: To cut brownies well, use a serrated knife, with rounded tip. To make sure you get a clean cut, heat the blade of the knife under hot running water, and wipe the blade dry before making each cut. Tip: To decorate plates  in inexpensive, plastic squeeze bottles like people use for ketchup, place flavored sauces  i.e. chocolate, butterscotch...whatever you like. Marcels serving Tip: Refrigerate brownies for 2 to 3 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen whole red raspberries in light syrup, thawed, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 1ounce pieces, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 5 large eggs, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream], title: Paisley Brownies, picturelink: null}, 27622: {instructions: Lay the ears directly on the grill over very hot coals. Grill turning to brown them evenly, for 5 to 7 minutes. Season them to taste with butter, olive oil and salt., ingredients: [4 ears of corn, husked, Butter, Olive oil, Salt to taste], title: Grilled Corn on the Cob, picturelink: null}, 27623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the sour cream, chives, honey, orange zest and juice and salt and pepper to taste.nIn a large bowl, add the arugula, walnuts, raisins, apple and celery. Toss to mix, then add a spoonful of the dressing at a time, tossing between additions, until the salad is lightly dressed. Serve topped with shaved PecorinoRomano., ingredients: [14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 teaspoon honey, Zest of 1 orange plus 1 tablespoon orange juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups loosely packed baby arugula, 1 cup candied walnuts, gently chopped, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 firm redskinned apple, julienned, 1 stalk celery, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 ounce shaved PecorinoRomano cheese, for serving], title: Sunnys Arugula Waldorf, picturelink: yoHQFMjRftOrvJqJEVUUBMO21GdY5i}, 27624: {instructions: Roulade:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBeat the eggs and sugar for 5 minutes, until doubled in volume. Combine the dry ingredients in a separate bowl. Fold the pumpkin puree into the egg mixture. Fold in the flour, and mix until evenly blended. Pour into greased and floured baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool.nCream cheese filling:nBlend together all ingredients.nSprinkle the top of the cake with sugar. Flip the cake over and spread the filling on the cake. Roll up into a cylinder. Refrigerate and slice to order.nPumpkin Puree:n1 6pound pumpkinn2 tablespoons buttern4 tablespoons sugarnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the pumpkin in 12 and clean out the seeds. Place 1 tablespoon of butter and 2 tablespoons of sugar in each half. Place in a shallow baking dish with an 18inch of water in the pan. Cover with foil. Bake for about 1 hour, or until tender. Remove from the oven and cool. Remove the skin and puree.nYield: about 8 cups, ingredients: [8 ounces softened cream cheese, 4 tablespoons softened butter, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 23 cup fresh pumpkin puree, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup allpurpose flour], title: Pumpkin Roulades, picturelink: null}, 27625: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and set the rack about 4 to 5 inches from the heat source.nSpread the bread out on a baking sheet and toast. Spread the toasted muffins or bread with the mayonnaise, if using. Top with the Tuna Salad and then the shredded cheese. Place the baking sheet under the broiler and heat for 3 to 5 minutes, until the cheese has melted. Serve immediately.nIn a small mixing bowl break up the tuna with a fork. Toss with the celery, onion, and parsley. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, and season with pepper to taste. Stir to combine. Add lemon juice, if using., ingredients: [2 English muffins, split, or 4 slices sourdough, rye, or whole wheat bread, 2 tablespoons prepared mayonnaise optional, 1 recipe Tuna Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup shredded sharp farmhouse Cheddar cheese, Two 6ounce cans white meat tuna packed in water, drained, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained, 1 teaspoon minced flatleaf parsley, 13 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, Freshly ground black pepper,, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste optional], title: Tuna Melt, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 27626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make vinaigrette, combine molasses, lemon juice, honey and vinegar in a mixing bowl and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in olive oil while you whisk to emulsify. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nToss salad ingredients together and dress with the vinaigrette., ingredients: [14 cup pomegranate molasses, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups lightly packed arugula, leafy hydroponic  if available, 1 pomegranate, seeds only, 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano shavings, 14 cup toasted walnuts, 1 shallot, sliced], title: Pomegranate, Arugula Salad, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 27627: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine the mango juice, vodka, fresh ginger, and fresh mint. Pour the drink and the ice into a tall glass and serve., ingredients: [Ice, as needed, 1 cup mango juice, 1 shot 1.5 ounces vodka, 18 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 18 teaspoon chopped fresh mint], title: The Diva, picturelink: 6up3gGwpGgSqmaTpz4NrvN7mLwnCZQ2}, 27628: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees, and generously butter a 9 by 2inch round cake pan. To make the frosting, chop the chocolate. In a small heavy saucepan bring jam, cream, and chocolate to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Pour frosting into cake pan. To make the cake batter, whisk together boiling water and cocoa powder until smooth and whisk in milk, vanilla, and jam. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy and add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Into another bowl sift together flour, baking soda, and salt and add to egg mixture in batches alternately with cocoa mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture and beating well after each addition. Pour batter evenly over frosting mixture and bake in middle of oven 30 to 35 minutes, or until a tester inserted into cake comes out clean frosting on bottom will still be liquid. Cool cake slightly in pan on a rack, 10 to 20 minutes. Cake may be made 1 day ahead, cooled completely in pan and left in pan, covered, at room temperature. Reheat cake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 10 to 15 minutes. Run a thin knife around edge of pan and twist pan gently back and forth on a flat surface to loosen cake. Invert a cake plate with a slight lip over cake pan and holding pan and plate together with both hands, invert cake onto plate. Serve cake garnished with raspberries., ingredients: [3 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, 12 cup seedless raspberry jam about 5 ounces, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup boiling water, 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch process, 14 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 13 cup seedless raspberry jam about 3 12 ounces, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 cup all purpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pint raspberries, for garnish], title: Warm Chocolate Raspberry Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 27629: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace maple syrup on the stove with cinnamon and vanilla over medium low heat to infuse the flavor. Warm syrup a couple of minutes, remove.nCombine oats, hazelnuts, almonds, raisins, cranberries and seeds in a bowl. Toss with maple syrup and remove the cinnamon stick and vanilla bean. Spread the maple coated mixture out on a cookie sheet and roast 15 minutes. Remove the nuts from oven and transfer to another cold pan, tossing the mix to quickcool it. Once cool, toss with peanut candy and eat or pack up for a hike, ingredients: [34 cup maple syrup, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 cup oats, 1 cup peeled hazelnuts, 2 cups whole natural almonds, 12 cup golden raisins, a couple of handfuls, 12 cup dried sweetened cranberries, recommended: Craisins brand a couple of handfuls, 12 cup shelled pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds, 1 cup chocolate and candy coated peanuts recommended: Peanut MMs], title: Oven Roasted Maple Gorp, picturelink: Qgpb.12mO155aKrPtrGYpuAOpM5FXO}, 27630: {instructions: Make the Pasta Dough for Ravioli and set aside to rest.nMake the filling: In the bowl of a food processor add the shrimp, 12 bunch basil leaves, 12 bunch chives, 12 bunch chervil, egg white, and 2 tablespoons olive oil season this with salt and pepper. Pulse until it is finely chopped but not pureed. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nRoll out the dough: Cut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the piece you are not using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Press the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine set at the widest setting 2 or 3 times. Guide the dough with your hand as it emerges from the rollers to prevent it from puncturing or stretching. Dust the sheets with extra flour whenever the dough gets sticky. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again 2 or 3 times. Continue reducing the setting and rolling until the machine is at its narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick for ravioli. Roll out the other half.nForm the ravioli: Beat 1 egg with 1 tablespoon of water to make an egg wash. Dust the counter with flour, lay out 1 long sheet of pasta, and brush the top surface with the egg wash. Drop the filling by the tablespoonful about 2inches apart onto 12 of the pasta sheet. Fold the other 12 over the filling like a blanket. Gently press out the air pockets around each mound of filling. Use a sharp knife to cut the sides around each mound and press the edges with your fingers to make a tight seal. Dust a sheet pan with flour to prevent the ravioli from sticking and lay them out to dry slightly while assembling the rest.nMake the sauce: Heat the broiler. Put the tomatoes onto a baking sheet, drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Broil until the tomatoes burst, about 10 minutes. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil. Put in the shallots and cook them until they are soft, about 5 minutes. Chop the remaining basil, chives, and chervil and add them to the pan. Fold the tomatoes into the pan and cook for another 5 minutes keep warm while you cook the ravioli.nCook and sauce the ravioli: Place the pasta into a large pot of boiling salted water and cook for about 4 minutes, theyll float to the top when ready do not overcrowd the pot. Lift them from the water with a large strainer or slotted spoon into the tomato sauce. Gently coat the ravioli with the sauce and serve garnished with more chopped herbs.nTo make the pasta dough: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and salt. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and continue to mix. Pour in 1 tablespoon olive oil and continue to mix until a smooth dough is formed. If the dough is too dry drizzle in a bit of water, if it is too wet sprinkle in some more flour. Dust some flour on a work surface, knead and fold the dough until it is elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface of the dough with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nTo make the dough by hand: Combine the flour and salt on a flat work surface, shape into a mound, and make a well in the center. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon olive oil to the well and lightly beat with a fork. Gradually draw in the flour from the inside wall and mix it with the beaten eggs. Use 1 hand for mixing and the other to protect the outer wall. Continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a smooth dough. Dust some flour on the work surface knead and fold the dough until it is elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface of the dough with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nTo roll out the dough: Cut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the piece you are not using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Press the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine set at the widest setting 2 or 3 times. Guide the dough with your hand as it emerges from the rollers to prevent it from puncturing or stretching. Dust the sheets with extra flour whenever the dough gets sticky. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again 2 or 3 times. Continue reducing the setting and rolling until the machine is at its narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick for ravioli. Roll out the other half.nYield: enough for 48 ravioli, ingredients: [12 recipe Pasta Dough for Ravioli, recipe follows, 1 pound mediumsize raw shrimp, cleaned and shelled, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 bunch fresh chervil, plus more for garnish, 1 bunch fresh chives, plus more for garnish, 1 large egg white, plus 1 egg for wash, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 bunch fresh chervil, plus more for garnish, Flour, for dusting, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Shrimp and Chive Ravioli with Grape Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27631: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees Cgas 5. Dust a clean surface and a rolling pin with flour and roll out your puff pastry until its just over 14inch0.5cm thick. This will be enough to cover the ovenproof frying pan youll be cooking the tarte Tatin in, leaving about 2 inches5 cm extra around the edge. Put the pastry to one side for now. Peel your apples, then halve them horizontally and use a teaspoon to get rid of the seeds and core. Put the ovenproof pan on a medium heat and add the sugar, Calvados, vanilla seeds, and pod. Let the sugar dissolve and cook until the mixture forms a light caramel. Once the caramel looks and smells delicious  it should be a lovely chestnut brown  add your halved apples. Carefully stir everything in the pan and cook for about 5 minutes or until the apples start to soften and you get a toffee apple vibe happening. Add the cubed butter, then lay the pastry over the top. Quickly and carefully tuck the pastry down right into the edges  its best to use a wooden spoon so you dont touch the caramel. Bake the tarte Tatin for about 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden, with crispy caramelly pieces bubbling up from under the edges. Take it out of the oven. To make it look like a tarte Tatin you need to turn it out, which isnt hard  but you do need to be careful with that hot caramel. So get a serving plate or board larger than your pan and put an oven glove on to protect the arm holding the board. Put the board or plate on top of the pan, then quickly, carefully and confidently turn it out remember you can go to www.jamieoliver.comhowto and see a video of how to do this safely. Put it to one side for a few minutes, so the caramel can cool down, then divide it up and serve with a spoonful of creme fraiche or ice cream., ingredients: [Plain flour, for dusting, 18 ounces500 g puff pastry, if frozen, thawed, 5 small eating apples approximately 28 ounces 1 34 pounds800 g, a mixture of sweet and acidic varieties, 3 12 ounces100 g golden caster sugar, 3 12 fluid ounces100 ml Calvados appleflavored brandy, 1 vanilla pod, halved lengthways, seeds scraped out, 1 12 tablespoons50 g butter, cubed], title: The WorldFamous Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 27632: {instructions: For the soup, place the tofu blocks on a plate, place another plate on top, and weight with a jar or 14 to 28ounce can. Let stand for 30 minutes. Water will be pressed out of the tofu as it stands drain it off every 15 minutes or so. Cut the tofu into 12inch cubes and set aside.nUse your fingers to squeeze and press the tamarind to dissolve it completely and to squeeze the last of the pulp off any seeds and pith. Place a sieve over a small bowl and pour the tamarind water through. Discard any solids and set the liquid aside.nIf the okra is large, cut crosswise in 12 and cut off any tough tips, leaving the stems on.nFor the garnish, heat the oil in a small heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until wellbrowned, then remove from the heat and set aside.nTo make the soup, place the tamarind liquid and the 5 cups water in a large nonreactive pot. Bring to a vigorous boil, then add the okra if your okra is very fresh and tender, add it later, with the tomato wedges and pineapple. Boil vigorously for 3 minutes, then add the bac ha, if using, the sugar, salt, and tomato wedges. Bring back to a boil, then add the tofu cubes and soy sauce and cook for 2 minutes. Taste and adjust the balance of seasonings if you wish., ingredients: [3 blocks tofu about 1 pound, 14 cup tamarind pulp, dissolved in 1 cup hot water, Scant 12 pound okra approximately 2 cups, 5 cups water, 34 cup fresh pineapple cut into 14inch chunks, 1 stalk bac ha giant taro, cut into 1 12inch lengths optional, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into wedges, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 14 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped shallots, 2 to 3 cups bean sprouts, rinsed and drained, 12 leaves Asian basil, coarsely torn, 6 sprigs rice paddy herb ngo om, optional, 2 to 4 bird or serrano chiles, minced], title: Buddhist Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 27633: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F 175 degrees C.nBring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook. With 6 to 8 minutes left on the pasta, stir in broccoli, mushrooms and green peppers, and cook 6 to 8 minutes more, or until pasta is al dente drain.nMeanwhile, melt butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute onions and garlic for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in flour and milk cook 5 minutes, or until mixture coats the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and stir in 12 cup Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper, to taste.nSpray a 9 by 13 inchbaking dish with cooking spray. Combine pasta, vegetables, milk mixture and 4 tablespoons basil in the prepared pan. Top with 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, and remaining 1 tablespoon basil. Place the baking dish into the oven and bake for 20 minutes, or until the top gets crispy., ingredients: [1 16ounce package penne pasta, 2 cups chopped broccoli, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 cup chopped green bell pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups nonfat milk, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, divided, 13 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, Butterflavored cooking spray], title: Vegetable Pasta, picturelink: null}, 27634: {instructions: One day in advance, combine the water, salt, sugar, soy sauce, peppercorns, ginger, anise, and bay leaves in a deep baking dish large enough to hold the pork and stir to mix. Add the pork if it is not covered, add more water. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the pork thoroughly with cold water, pat dry, and season with the ground pepper to taste. Heat a large skillet over high heat, add the oil, and swirl to caot the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the pork and brown on all sides. Transfer the pork to a roasting pan and roast just until the pork is hot through to the center about 125 degrees F internal temperature, 25 to 30 minutes. The interior of the pork will remain pink.nAllow the pork to rest for 10 minutes and cut into 14inch slices. Divide the gingered sweet potatoes among 4 plates, surround with the pork, and add the fivespice apples. Garnish with the chives, drizzle with the chile oil, and serve.nHeat a small saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the garlic and ginger and saute, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream and reduce by onethird over low heat, about 10 minutes. Keep warm.nMeanwhile, combine the sweet potatoes in a large saucepan with enough water to cover them completely. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until they can be pierced easily with the tip of a knife, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain and trasnfer to a food processor. Add the cream and process until well blended. Add the remaining butter, season with salt and pepper, and puree until smooth. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl, correct the seasonings, and serve.nFor the FiveSpice Apples: Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the onion and saute, stirring, until brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the fivespice powder, brown sugar, apples, and juice. Stir, season with salt and pepper to taste, and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 12 minutes. The apples should retain their shape and some liquid should remain in the pan do not overcook. Stir in the butter and correct the seasonings. Serve warm.nFor the Chile Oil: In a medium skillet, combine the chile powder, cumin, and salt, and heat over medium heat just until the mixture begins to smoke. Whisk in the oil and remove from the stove.nAllow the chile oil to cool, transfer it to a glass jar, and let stand overnight. Cover and use or store. The oil will separate from the solids use the red oil only., ingredients: [4 cups water, 13 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons toasted Szechwan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon toasted black peppercorns, plus freshly ground black pepper, 4 14inchthick slices fresh ginger, 2 star anise, 2 bay leaves, 1 4pound pork loin, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Gingered Sweet Potatoes recipe follows, FiveSpice Apples recipe follows, 14 cup chives cut into 1inch lengths, for garnish, 2 tablespoons Chile Oil, for garnish recipe follows, 6 tablespoons butter, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 4 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 12 teaspoons fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, packed, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup apple juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup chile powder, such as ancho, chimayo, or pasilla, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups canola oil], title: AsianMarinated Pork Loin with Gingered Sweet Potatoes and FiveSpice Apples, picturelink: 8UTbkbrV4.oOh5E5UmUDmmkWUnr793K}, 27635: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine condensed milk, butterscotch topping, and butter in a glass heatproof measuring cup. Heat in microwave for 1 minute. Remove and stir until butter has melted and incorporated into mixture. Meanwhile heat cream soda in another heatproof measuring cup for 1 minute 30 seconds.nDivide butterscotch mixture between 2 10 to 12ounce mugs. Fill mugs with heated cream soda and stir thoroughly. Serve garnished with an oldfashioned butterscotch candy stick., ingredients: [14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup butterscotch topping, 2 tablespoons whipped butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups vanilla cream soda], title: Butterbeer, picturelink: FB9hdK8GkMAX5gMgWfNDSbcEuyXc8gu}, 27636: {instructions: Pastry: Thoroughly butter 6 heatproof soup bowls 2 to 3 inches deep and 6 inches in diameter. Place the flour and butter in a food processor and pulse to break the butter up into pea sized pieces. Add the yolks and 2 tablespoons of water and pulse to barely combine, adding the additional tablespoon of water if needed. Chill for 30 minutes. Roll the dough out to 18inch thickness and line the buttered soup bowls, trimming any excess. Chill for 30 minutes then bake at 400 degrees F until pastry is set but not picking up any color, approximately 30 to 35 minutes.nFilling: Mix the butter and cheese together in a food processor. Place the eggs and sugar in a bowl and place it over hot water and whisk until very light and fluffy. If using an electric mixer theres no need to put it over hot water. Fold in the sifted flour and baking soda followed by the melted buttercheese mixture. Pour the filling into the pastrylined bowls, filling them to the top. Bake at 400 degrees F for 35 to 45 minutes or until well browned, puffed up and a skewer stuck in the center comes out clean. Traditionally the top should be very dark, almost black., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 12 cup butter, 2 yolks, 4 to 6 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 14 cups cottage cheese, small dry curd, full fat, 4 eggs, beaten, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon baking powder], title: Torteau au Fromage, picturelink: null}, 27637: {instructions: In a food processor puree the passion fruit pulp, the lime juice, the sugar, and Cointreau. Freeze in a shallow pan, scraping periodically to keep fluffy. Serve the sorbet in a small stemmed glasses., ingredients: [2 cups fresh passion fruit pulp or frozen pulp, thawed available at Hispanic markets, 13 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons Cointreau], title: Parcha Sorbet the Horned Dorset Primavera Passion Fruit Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 27638: {instructions: For the chocolatehazelnut spread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace hazelnuts on the baking sheet and roast for 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. Let cool. With a kitchen towel, roll hazelnuts around on the baking sheet to remove the skins. Discard skins and transfer hazelnuts to a food processor. Blend for about 5 minutes, until the nuts form a butter.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, melt the chocolate chips and coconut oil. Transfer to the food processor, add the salt, and pulse to combine. If the spread isnt sweet enough for your taste, try adding 1 tablespoon of agave nectar. Let cool about 5 minutes in the refrigerator while you prep the other ingredients.nFor the smores: Assemble smores by layering approximately 12 tablespoon chocolatehazelnut spread, 4 raspberries and 1 tablespoon whipped coconut cream between 2 graham cracker squares. You will have chocolatehazelnut spread leftover., ingredients: [1 cup raw hazelnuts, 13 cup dairyfree dark chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons melted coconut oil, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups about 12 pint raspberries, 12 cup coconut cream, whipped, See Cooks Note, 16 graham cracker squares], title: Raspberry and Coconut CreamChocolate Hazelnut Smores, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 27639: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a medium serving bowl. Mix to combine and serve., ingredients: [1 mango, peeled and flesh diced, 1 papaya, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 14 cup currants, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Mango Papaya Salsa, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 27640: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, flour and baking powder. In a medium bowl, beat together the butter with the brown sugar using an electric hand mixer. Add the egg white and beat until well combined. Add to the graham cracker crumbs and blend until just combined.nIn a separate medium bowl, beat together the softened cream cheese with the granulated sugar, egg yolk, lemon zest and vanilla until well combined. Set aside.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, scoop out the cookie dough and place on a nonstick or parchment lined baking sheet. If you do not have an ice scoop, then measure out the dough into scoops of about 2 tablespoons. Flatten slightly, pressing your thumb in the center of the ball to create a small bowl shape. Repeat with the remaining dough. Spoon the cream cheese into the indents in the cookies.nBake until the filling is barely set and the cookies are lightly golden, 12 minutes. Allow to cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets before removing them and cooling completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 14 cups finely crushed graham crackers 1 sleeve, 1 cup flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 egg, separated, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: New York Cheesecake Cookies, picturelink: upQAErEfoW.sPgJPpGbrjEqm0QBfV9i}, 27641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nRoll out the pizza dough to 14inch thick. Using a 2 to 2 12inch diameter cookie cutter, cut out 18 circles from the dough. Arrange the circles on a heavy large baking sheet. Sprinkle the Gorgonzola cheese over the circles. Top with the tomatoes, pressing them gently into the dough. Bake until the pizzettes are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Drizzle the pizzettes with oil. Sprinkle the basil over the pizzettes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the pizzettes on a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces purchased pizza dough, 3 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 3 ounces cherry tomatoes, quartered, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pizzette with Gorgonzola, Tomato and Basil, picturelink: urpkgZtITZKxpPBcjiqS7iZRphK9J.}, 27642: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 wooden skewersnFor the chicken: Fold together the chicken tenders, buttermilk, tarragon, thyme and cayenne pepper in a shallow dish until thoroughly combined. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the chicken and buttermilk mixture from the refrigerator. Sift the flour, garlic powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and onion powder into a separate shallow dish.nPreheat the oil in a large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat to about 350 degrees F. Thread each tender onto a skewer.nDredge each skewered tender in the flour mixture, coating completely and shaking off any excess. Dip each back in the buttermilk mixture and again in the flour mixture, gently shaking off any excess.nIn small batches, gently drop the skewers into the oil and fry, about 5 minutes. Flip and fry until golden brown, an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nFor the waffle batter: Place the flour, milk, oil, sugar, vanilla extract, baking powder, baking soda, salt and eggs in a large bowl and whisk until no lumps remain. Dip the fried tenders in the batter, coating completely. In batches, gently drop the skewers back into the oil and fry, about 4 minutes. Flip and fry an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nJust before serving, brush with a light coating of melted butter and drizzle with maple syrup. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 chicken tenders, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons fresh minced tarragon, 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and pepper, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 3 cups vegetable oil, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 teaspoons sugar, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoons salt, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 13 cup maple syrup], title: Chicken and Waffles on a Stick, picturelink: null}, 27643: {instructions: In a dry skillet, toast the nuts over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, mustard, salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a large bowl, toss the chicory with the dressing. Put onto serving plates and top with walnuts and shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons walnut oil, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound chicory, or other leafy green, 14 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Chicory Salad with Walnuts and Parmesan, picturelink: 3dDEvrDa3luAF15y0wEABYeEvxkkCA6}, 27644: {instructions: For the dough:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 baking sheets and set aside.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and sour cream until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the flour and salt until the dough comes together and pulls away from the side of the bowl. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nDivide dough into 4 even pieces and roll into 9 by 12inch pieces about 14inch thick. Set aside.nFor the filling:nIn a medium bowl, combine all 4 ingredients and mix until smooth. Divide the filling into 4 even portions, and spread even amounts of filling on each piece of rolled out dough, leaving a 1inch border. Roll lengthwise and transfer to a cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough, placing 2 rolls on each cookie sheet.nBake until golden at the edges, about 35 to 45 minutes. Slice while still warm into 1 to 2 inch slices. Cool completely on wire racks., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing baking sheets, 8 ounces sour cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces apricot preserves, 3 ounces sweetened flaked coconut, 12 cup pecans or walnuts, coarsely chopped, 12 maraschino cherries, chopped], title: Czechoslovakia Cookie Rolls, picturelink: null}, 27645: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine warm water, brown sugar, and honey. Sprinkle in yeast and wait until mixture bubbles. Stir in milk, salt, cumin, shortening, and egg. Add white flour and stir. Gradually add wholewheat flour until dough is easy to handle. Whole wheat bread rises better if its not too dry.nTurn dough onto a lightly floured board and knead until smooth and elastic. Place in oiled bowl, turn oiled side of dough up and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch dough down and flatten into a round. Roll lightly and place in a greased round loaf pan. Oil top of loaf lightly. Let rise until doubled.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake until golden brown and loaf sounds hollow when tapped, about 40 to 45 minutes. Cool on wire rack., ingredients: [1 14 cups warm water 110 degrees F, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 1 packages active dry yeast, 12 cup dry milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin seed, 1 tablespoons shortening, 12 or 1 small beaten egg, 1 cup enriched flour, 2 to 2 12 cups whole wheat flour], title: Winkler Honey Wheat Bread, picturelink: null}, 27646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour two 9inch cake pans.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl and set aside.nIn an electric mixer, mix the butter and granulated sugar on high speed until fluffy. Scrape the sides of the bowl and mix for a few more seconds. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the vanilla and mix to combine. Alternate adding the dry ingredients and milk in 3 batches, mixing for a few seconds after each addition. Scrape the sides of the bowl, then mix 1 final time.nDivide the batter between the prepared cake pans and bake until done a wooden skewer inserted in the cake should come out completely clean, 28 to 30 minutes. Allow to cool for 10 minutes, then turn out to cool completely.nFor the buttercream frosting: Sift the powdered sugar and cocoa together in a large bowl and set aside.nIn an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth, about 2 minutes. Turn off the mixer and add half of the sugarcocoa mixture. Turn to low speed and mix to combine. Add the rest of the mixture and mix again. Add the cream, vanilla and salt, scrape the sides and beat until fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Thin out with a tablespoon of cream at a time if needed.nIce the cake with a generous layer in the center and spread all around the sides. WARNING: MUST BE SERVED WITH A GLASS OF COLD MILK, ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the pan, 4 cups cake flour, plus more for flouring the pan, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups granulated sugar, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 12 cups whole milk, 5 12 cups powdered sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup heavy cream, plus more if needed for thinning, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Yellow Cake with Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 27647: {instructions: Place spinach and apple slices into a large mixing bowl. Render bacon strips over low heat until crispy. Remove with a slotted spoon onto paper towels to drain. Add shallots to bacon fat and saute until soft and fragrant. Whisk in mustard, vinegar and then olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour dressing over spinach, add bacon and toss to wilt salad slightly., ingredients: [6 cups baby spinach leaves, washed and spun dry, 1 Granny Smith apple, halved, cored and thinly sliced, 6 slices bacon, sliced into 14 strips, 1 small shallot, chopped, 1 tsp. Dijon mustard, salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup apple cider vinegar], title: Spinach and Bacon Salad, picturelink: null}, 27648: {instructions: Prepare your cooker to cook indirectly at 235 degrees F using medium cherry wood for smoke flavor.nSlice off a thin piece off the bologna lengthwise so it has a flat bottom and wont roll around. Score the top in a series of thin slashes in a diamond pattern. Season the bologna liberally with the barbecue rub. Put the bologna in the cooker and cook for at least 3 hours but up to 5 hours. Its already fully cooked, so the recipe is very flexible, but as it cooks longer it will get smokier and develop a better outside crust.nTransfer the bologna to a cutting board. Tent loosely with foil and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice to serve.nThis rub is a little more complex than Barbecue Rub 67 and has great color as it cooks on the food. I like to put this one in the food processor until its finely ground. It makes for a smooth texture but also takes care of breaking up the lumps in the dried brown sugar. You may want to dry the sugar the day before. This preparation is a little more complicated, but dont be afraid to use on whatever youre cooking.nCombine all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Process for 15 seconds. The rub may be stored in an airtight container in a cool place for up to 6 months., ingredients: [One 3pound chub or chunk bologna, Barbecue Rub 68 recipe follows, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, dried see Note, 13 cup kosher salt, 14 cup paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon Sugar in the Raw, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Barbecued Bologna, picturelink: null}, 27649: {instructions: For the ganache: In a small saucepan bring the cream, butter, and sugar to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the chopped chocolate so that it melts completely. Stir in the raspberry liqueur. Let the ganache cool to room temperature and reserve.nFor the salad: Gently combine the raspberries, hazelnuts, mint, small pinch of salt and raspberry liqueur.nIn a wide, shallow soup bowl pour about 3 ounces of the room temperature ganache to fill a shallow pool in the bottom of the bowl, about 18inch deep. Place a nice spoonful of the raspberryhazelnut salad in the center and garnish with a small spoonful of whipped cream and shaved bittersweet chocolate. Top with chopped hazelnuts as well., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup raspberry liqueur recommended: Framboise, 12 pint raspberries, 2 tablespoon hazelnuts, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh mint, thinly sliced, Small pinch salt, 2 tablespoons raspberry liqueur recommended: Framboise, 4 ounces 12 cup sweetened whipped cream, for garnish, Small piece bittersweet chocolate to shave, for garnish], title: Chocolate Soup with Raspberry and Hazelnut Salad, picturelink: Bjrplcqrknlt75CY909f4PsPjdrEOfm}, 27650: {instructions: In a large saute pan approximately 16inches, add oil, garlic, and shallots. Saute until garlic and shallots are a very light golden color. Add all the fish to pan along with the wine, water, tomatoes, thyme, salt, pepper, and oregano. Cover pan and let simmer until clams and mussels open, approximately 20 minutes. Add parsley and basil and divide evenly into 4 soup bowls.nAt Peasant, Frank floats crostini toasted bread rubbed with olive oil, garlic, Parmigano, oregano, salt and pepper on top of each serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cloves shallot, crushed, Two 12 to 34pound whole red mullets, cut in half, scaled with head and tails removed, One 1 14pound whole orata or any type of bass, cut in 4 equal parts, scaled with head and tails removed, 1 large whole skate wing, cut in 4 equal parts, 1 dozen Manila clams, 4 razor clams optional, 1 dozen mussels, 4 langoustines, tails split or 4 jumbo shrimp, 8 small whole seppie, remove beak or 2 tubes of calamari, sliced into rings, 4 small baby octopus, remove beak, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 cups water, One 8ounce can peeled Italian tomatoes or 1 pint vineripe cherry tomatoes, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, 2 pinches dried oregano, 12 cup fresh chopped parsley, 6 basil leaves, chopped], title: Peasants Zuppa Di Pesce, picturelink: null}, 27651: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 13by9inch baking pan or spray it with nonstick cooking spray.nPlace the butter and chocolate in a mediumsize saucepan over low heat and let melt together, stirring until smooth. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the cocoa powder, sugar, and salt, then blend in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs one at a time, stirring to mix quickly so they dont have a chance to cook at all before they are blended in. Blend in the flour.nScrape the thick batter into the prepared baking pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake until the edges just begin to pull away from the sides of the pan and a wooden skewer or toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes.nLet the brownies cool in the pan on a wire rack. When completely cool, cut them into 12 or 24 squares.nPhotograph by Todd ColemanThe Mom 100 Cookbook, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus butter for greasing the baking pan optional, Nonstick cooking spray optional, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 12 cup unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher or coarse salt, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour], title: Fudgy OnePot Brownies, picturelink: Se4WtL4DptcTuJ2.rP8axbSHMRqRm}, 27652: {instructions: Cook the pancetta in a large pot over medium heat, stirring, until slightly crisp, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse the turkey giblets chop into 12inch pieces. Add the giblets and neck to the pot cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and red pepper flakes cook until the onion is soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and 1 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, about 5 more minutes.nAdd the wine and cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the pot with your hands and pour in the juice from the cans. Add 3 cups water and the parmesan rind, if using. Increase the heat to high, bring to a boil and cook 5 minutes. Stir, then reduce the heat to low. Partially cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the meat is falling off the neck bone, 4 to 5 hours.nRemove the neck pull the meat off the bone, shred and return the meat to the sauce. Remove the bay leaves. Stir in the parsley season with salt and pepper.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain and toss with the sauce. Top with shaved parmesan.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 cup diced pancetta about 6 ounces, Giblets and neck from your turkey, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 6 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 28ounce cans whole San Marzano tomatoes, 1 piece parmesan rind optional, plus shaved cheese for topping, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound rigatoni], title: Rigatoni With Braised Giblet Sauce, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 27653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a medium soup pot over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, carrots, onions, celery, garlic and saute 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and stock and cover pot. Turn up heat and bring to a fast boil.nWhile soup comes to a boil, mix the ground meat with cheese, bread crumbs, egg and parsley. Roll into 1 12 to 2inch balls.nRemove lid from soup and slide balls into soup. Bring back to a boil then stir in spaghetti. Reduce the heat and simmer soup 10 minutes more, until pasta is tender and balls have cooked through. Stir in basil and remove stoup from the stove. Serve soup with bread and cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped into a small dice, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, chopped, 2 small ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 cups tomato sauce or one 14ounce can plus one 8ounce can, 3 cups chicken stock, available in a box on the soup aisle, 1 pound ground beef, pork and veal mix meatloaf mix, available at butcher counter, 12 cup grated cheese, Parmigiano or Romano, plus more to pass at table, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, a few handfuls, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 12 pound spaghetti, broken in half, 1 cup basil leaves, torn or shredded, 1 loaf Italian crusty bread, for dunking], title: Spaghetti and Meatball Stoup thicker than soup, thinner than stew, picturelink: HhflFJpbOueRbyIxlyoXqpEYyc3xsm}, 27654: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Brush 1 tablespoon melted butter on bottom and sides of 8inch cake pan. Layer the potato slices in concentric circles on bottom of pan. Brush with melted butter. In a small bowl combine the Parmesan with cumin and cayenne. Sprinkle 14 of the mixture on top of the potatoes, then season with salt and pepper. Repeat layering 3 times, topping with cheese. Cover the pan with foil. Bake 45 minutes, then uncover and bake 15 to 20 minutes more. Invert onto a platter and serve in wedges., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, or more if needed, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut in paperthin rounds, 13 cup Parmesan, grated, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and pepper], title: Sweet Potatoes Anna, picturelink: null}, 27655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 5 cups water and the sugar to a boil in a heavy large saucepan. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the mint. Remove the pan from the heat and add the tea bags. Let the tea steep for 10 minutes. Cool the tea to room temperature. Strain the tea into a large pitcher or bowl.nBlend the watermelon and strawberries until smooth in a blender. Stir the fruit mixture into the tea. Add the lemon juice, peppermint and salt. Chill the tea until very cold, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Before serving, add chilled prosecco if using.nPut a few ice cubes into each of the 6 glasses or water goblets. Add some watermelon, strawberries and the blackberries to each glass. Pour tea into each glass and garnish with mint sprigs and serve, passing lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, Three 34ounce packages fresh mint, plus extra sprigs forserving, 5 English Breakfast or Earl Grey tea bags, 2 cups 12inch cubed watermelon, plus extra for serving, 16 strawberries, stemmed, halved, plus extra for serving, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 bottle chilled prosecco, optional, Ice cubes, One 12pint container blackberries, Lemon wedges], title: Berry, Melon and Mint Iced Tea, picturelink: 0FBMpzeTyqMPUyUqKlkrUOaRfU.5eZe}, 27656: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pita wedges on a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until crispy, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely In a small bowl, combine the cream cheese and lemon zest and mix until smooth. Spread the cream cheese mixture into the bottom of a medium dip bowl. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the red beans, reserved dressing and a generous pinch of salt and pepper, and puree until smooth. If the mixture is too thick, then add a few tablespoons of water to thin. Spread the bean puree over the cream cheese mixture. Combine the reserved Tuscan Beans with the red onions and spoon on top of the pureed beans. Serve with toasted pita chips on the side.nPreheat a grill over medium heat. Place the sausages on the grill and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, turning every 4 to 5 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, Italian seasoning, reserved juice from the can of tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the dressing for the Round 2 Recipe Three Layer Bean Dip. Add the beans diced tomatoes, basil and toss to coat. Reserve 1 cup of the bean mixture for the Round 2 Recipe Three Layer Bean Dip. Serve the remaining beans with the grilled sausage., ingredients: [3 pita pockets, each cut into 8 wedges, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, Zest of 12 a lemon, One 15ounce can red beans, rinsed and drained, 3 tablespoons dressing, reserved from Grilled Sausage with Tuscan Beans, recipe follows, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 cup Tuscan Beans, reserved from Grilled Sausage with Tuscan Beans, recipe follows, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 pound hot Italian sausage or one 6count package, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained and juice reserved, Salt and freshly ground pepper, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed well, One 15ounce can red beans, drained and rinsed well, 2 tablespoons torn fresh basil], title: Round 2 Recipe  Three Layer Bean Dip, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 27657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the bread on both sides with the olive oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Arrange on a baking sheet and bake until crusty and brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Turn once about halfway through cooking, and dust with Parmesan, if using. Serve hot, warm, or room temperature., ingredients: [About 12 loaf good, crusty bread such as ciabatta, sliced as thinly as possible, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: Crostini, picturelink: null}, 27658: {instructions: To make the sauce:nPuree the onions, carrots, celery and garlic to a coarse paste in a food processor. Coat a large wide pan with olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until its brown and crispy. Add the pureed veggies and cook them until they become very soft and aromatic and are starting to turn brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the white wine and let it reduce by half. Add the tomatoes, chicken stock, bay leaves, and thyme bundle and season with salt, to taste. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Reserve.nTo prep the cabbage:nAdd the vinegar to large pot of wellsalted water and bring it to a boil over medium heat. Set up a bowl of wellsalted iced water. Add the cabbage to the boiling water and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, then immediately plunge it into the bowl of iced water. When the leaves are cool, remove them from the water and pat them dry. Reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and put over medium heat. Add the onions and season with salt, to taste. Cook the onions until they are translucent and very aromatic, about 6 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool.nIn a large bowl combine the ground pork, pork sausage, chicken livers, if using, bread crumbs, Parmesan, egg, rosemary and crushed red pepper flakes. Season with salt, to taste. Add the chicken stock and mix well to combine. Stir in the cooked onions and garlic. Make a tester patty, cook it and eat it. It should taste really good, if it doesnt, adjust the seasoning.nLay each cabbage leaf on a flat work surface. Spoon a generous 14 cup of filling into each leaf. Fold the outside edges in and roll the leaf around the stuffing. Arrange each roll with the seam side down so that the roll will hold itself shut.nAdd the cabbage rolls to the sauce. Cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Uncover and simmer until the sauce has reduced to a thick, saucelike consistency, about15 to 20 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary. Transfer the cabbage rolls to a serving platter and lightly cover with the sauce. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve.nMMMMMM...cabbage, ingredients: [1 large onion, cut into chunks, 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 ribs celery, cut into chunks, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, cut into 14inch dice, 1 cup white wine, 128ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, passed through the food mill, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 bundle thyme, Kosher salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 large head savoy cabbage, leaves removed and tough bottom ribs discarded, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound spicy Italian pork sausage, casings removed, 3 chicken livers, finely chopped, optional, 12 to 34 cup bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 1 egg, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 12 to 1 cup chicken stock or water], title: Braised Cabbage Stuffed with Pork, picturelink: null}, 27659: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThe habanero peppers can be roasted on a gas stove top or in an oven. Before roasting the peppers, turn on the kitchen or stove exhaust fan.nTo roast the peppers on a gas stove top, soak 3 wooden skewers in water until saturated. Skewer 1 pepper and hold over a mediumhigh flame. Slowly rotate the pepper over the flame until the skin is blackened and blistered. Repeat with the remaining peppers and skewers. After each pepper is roasted place in plastic bag covered with a dish towel to steam, which will help to remove the skins.nTo roast the peppers in the oven, place an oven rack in the highest position and preheat the broiler. Put the peppers on a cookie sheet and place under the broiler. Using long handled metal tongs to rotate the peppers and broil until the skin is blackened and blistered. After each pepper is roasted place in plastic bag covered with a dish towel to steam, which will help to remove the skins.nWearing gloves, remove skin, the veins, and the seeds from the habaneros. When removing the skins, its important to wear double layer of latex gloves or else your hands burn.nTo make the paste, blend the habaneros with the sugar using a mortar and pestle or a food processor the latter is much faster.nCombine the habanero paste into the softened vanilla ice cream and refreeze until firm but still spreadablenAssemble cake in springform pan by alternating cake, lime sorbet, cake, habanero ice cream, cake and freeze until firm 8 hours or overnight.nGarnish with powered sugar or whipped cream and sprinkles., ingredients: [Wooden skewers, optional, 3 roasted habanero peppers, 2 tablespoons sugar, Vanilla ice cream, softened, Baked chocolate cake, sliced horizontally in 3 layers, Lime sorbet, Powdered sugar, whipped cream or sprinkles, for garnish], title: Fire and Ice Cake, picturelink: qg4vYCVVUJkEZOM6R7FTEnPZ6JCnLbW}, 27660: {instructions: Rinse and drain lentils. Place in medium heavy saucepan and add onion halves with cloves, bay leaf, and enough water to cover by an inch. Bring to the boil, reduce to barely a simmer, cover and cook 20 minutes. Add salt and pepper, and a little more water if none is visible when you tilt the pan, and cook another 1020 minutes until lentils are creamy inside but still intact. Drain and remove onions and bay leaf. Let cool.nMix lentils in a bowl with fennel, radishes, green pepper, carrot, onion and garlic. Make vinaigrette by whisking together vinegar and mustard in small bowl, then gradually drizzling in olive oil while whisking until and emulsion is formed. Pour vinaigrette over lentils and vegetables, add oregano, and stir well. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry brown lentils, 1 yellow onion, peeled, cut in half and stuck with 2 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 small bulb fennel, minced, 6 radishes, minced, 1 green pepper, minced, 1 carrot, peeled and minced, 1 large red onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pureed, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh oregano, chopped], title: Brown Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 27661: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Combine all ingredients, knead for about seven minutes or until dough is no longer wet but smooth. Let bread rise until doubled in size, punch down and shape into loaves. Let bread double in size again. Bake until crusty and brown on top., ingredients: [2 12 cups warm water, 1 package dry yeast, 14 cup honey, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 stick softened butter, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups wheat flour, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 4 cups bread machine flour], title: Honey Wheat Bread, picturelink: null}, 27662: {instructions: In a medium pot, heat the chicken broth to a simmer, then stir in the meatloaf, mashed potatoes, green beans, carrots, onions and escarole. Bring back to a simmer and cook until the escarole is wilted and the meatloaf is heated through, about 5 minutes.nTop with the chopped fresh herbs and serve., ingredients: [6 cups chicken broth or stock, 6 ounces leftover cooked meatloaf, cut into bitesize pieces about 2 cups, 2 cups leftover mashed potatoes, warmed, 1 12 cups leftover cooked green beans, cut into bitesize pieces, or thawed frozen green beans, 1 12 cups leftover cooked carrots, cut into bitesize pieces, or thawed frozen carrots, 12 cup frozen cipollini or pearl onions, thawed, 14 head escarole, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, dill or oregano, for garnish], title: Leftover Meatloaf Soup, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 27663: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet or baking pan with nonstick spray and set aside.nUsing a blender or food processor, grind cereal to a breadcrumblike consistency. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nCrush potato chips in a sealed bag, and then add to the bowl of cereal crumbs. Add spices and mix well.nPlace chicken pieces in a separate bowl, cover with hot sauce, and toss to coat.nGive each chicken piece a shake so its not dripping with sauce, and then coat evenly with crumb mixture. Lay crumbcovered nuggets on the baking sheet.nBake in the oven for 10 minutes.nFlip nuggets over and bake until outsides are crispy and chicken is cooked throughout, about 10 more minutes.nServe with carrot sticks, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [14 cup highfiber bran cereal twigs recommended: Fiber One Original, 1 ounce fatfree BBQflavored potato chips recommended: Pringles Light FatFree Barbecue Potato Crisps, Dash onion powder, Dash garlic powder, Dash cayenne pepper, Dash black pepper, Dash salt, 8 ounces raw boneless skinless lean chicken breast, cut into 10 nuggets, 3 tablespoons Franks RedHot Original Cayenne Pepper Sauce, Carrot sticks, as optional accompaniment], title: HOT Hot Boneless Buffalo Wings, picturelink: MfcPAVg.KXGbQtv1mXjpMwJz7NLRHaG}, 27664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the bacon crosswise in 1inch slices. Cook the bacon in an 8inch ovenproof saute pan over mediumlow heat for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until browned. Drain the bacon on paper towels and discard the fat from the pan. Add the butter to the pan, and then add the potato and yellow onion. Cook over mediumlow heat for about 10 minutes, tossing occasionally, until the onion starts to brown and the potato is tender but firm. Add the jalapeno pepper and cook for 30 seconds.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, beat the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper together with a fork. Stir in the scallions and diced Cheddar. When the potato is cooked, add the bacon to the pan and pour over the egg mixture. Place the pan in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until the omelet puffs and the eggs are almost cooked in the center. Sprinkle with a handful of grated Cheddar and bake for another minute. Serve hot directly from the pan., ingredients: [14 pound good thickcut bacon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup mediumdiced Yukon gold potato, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno pepper, 5 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons milk or cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts, 4 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, diced, plus extra grated cheese, for garnish], title: Omelet for Two, picturelink: wyZc8vkH9ILYmDSI5NisNJKXnSSL6ia}, 27665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPrepare the leg of lamb by rubbing salt, pepper, and chopped garlic all over the outside of the meat, then rub with the olive oil to coat. Put the lamb in a large baking pan, cover it with 4 orange slices, 4 lemon slices, and the rosemary. Bake for 2 hours. Serve the lamb sliced on a plate with the dressing on top.n1 orange, zestedn1 lemon, zestedn1 cup olive oiln1 cup fresh squeezed orange juicen12 cup fresh squeezed lemon juicen12 cup red wine vinegarn2 cloves garlicn2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leavesn2 tablespoons saltn1 teaspoon freshly ground black peppernPut all the ingredients into a blender. Blend until the dressing is completely uniform and creamy., ingredients: [1 9pound leg of lamb, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup olive oil, 1 medium orange, sliced, 1 large lemon, sliced, 2 stems fresh rosemary, Dressing, recipe follows], title: Roasted Lamb, picturelink: JWjJTPf4FkwjfsBMVqcUIsDeuS5LDV2}, 27666: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until toasted, about 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile the almonds are toasting, melt the butter in a 10inch skillet over high heat, and cook until it browns. Add the bay leaf and stand back it might pop. Lower the heat to medium and add the sugar to the pan and stir. When the sugar has melted, add the brandy and stand back it might flame. Add the lemon juice. Cook for 15 seconds, then add the orange juice and salt. Stir and cook until the liquid has reduced by half and it has reached a syrupy consistency. You should have about 12 cup. Remove the bay leaf.nUsing a serrated knife, shave off the thicker parts of the crust. Cut the bread into 12inch cubes. You should have about 8 cups. Place the bread in a large bowl. Add 14 cup of the brown butter syrup. Spread the bread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden and crispy on the outside and still chewy inside, 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally for even coloring.nPut the strawberries in a medium bowl. Add the sugar, lemon juice, vinegar, and salt and mix well. Allow to macerate for 5 to 10 minutes.nPlace the raisins in a small bowl. Cover with hot water. Allow the raisins to plump for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the fruit.nPlace the bread in a large bowl. Add remaining brown butter syrup, the almonds, raisins, blueberries, and mint. Toss well. To serve, spoon some strawberries in each bowl. Spoon some panzanella beside the strawberries. Spoon some whipped cream or vanilla yogurt over the strawberries., ingredients: [34 cup thinly sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 14 teaspoon finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 1 large countrystyle Italian loaf, about 1 pound, 2 pints ripe strawberries, cut into 14inch slices, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon goodquality balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon finely ground sea salt, preferably gray salt, 34 cup golden raisins, 12 cup blueberries, 12 cup lightly packed torn mint leaves, 1 cup heavy cream, lightly whipped or vanilla yogurt], title: Brunch Panzanella, picturelink: 7CcVAx5WVSUdTVgFe7G2KakGRL5JpK}, 27667: {instructions: Combine the salt, lime zest and chili powder in a small bowl and use immediately. Great for garnishing cocktails, seasoning tortillas or as a finishing salt for a dish., ingredients: [1 cup flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, 14 cup lime zest from about 6 large limes, 2 tablespoons chili powder], title: LimeChili Salt, picturelink: ba.HxtIeksa0IRDljuV8Wjr7V26KWKe}, 27668: {instructions: Toast 12 cup broken spaghetti in a saucepan with butter, 2 minutes. Add 12 cup chopped onion and cook 1 minute. Add 1 cup basmati rice and a pinch each of allspice and salt cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add 2 cups chicken broth cover and simmer, 15 minutes. Cook 12 cup each sliced almonds and dates in butter, then stir into the rice. Season with salt and top with chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: RWXhoGdw4rZjKsYuh4qOqP.4FdWfKFe}, 27669: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlanch green beans for 3 minutes. Toss them in olive oil and salt and pepper. Bundle about 5 green beans and wrap a piece of bacon around the bundle. Place in a roasting pan and roast for 10 to 15 minutes, until bacon is cooked., ingredients: [1 pound fresh green beans, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, Bacon], title: Green Bean Bundles, picturelink: null}, 27670: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream. Add sliced mushrooms and let them brown. While the mushrooms begin to cook, cut the peppers in half and pull out the seeds and connective membranes and throw them into your garbage bowl. Cut peppers in quarters lengthwise, then slice across. Cut onion in half and peel it. Cut off ends and cut the half onion in halfagain lengthwise, then slice the onions across. Add peppers and onions to mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook veggies another 3 to 5 minutes, stirring often, until the veggies are just tender but still have a little crunch left to them and lots of bright color. Remove veggies from the heat and add 2 tablespoons of cilantrolime butter. Toss veggies to melt butter then serve.nCut butter into chunks. Place butter in a bowl. Place bowl in microwave and cook on high for 15 seconds. To chop herbs superfine, hold the tip of your knife on a cutting board and move the back of your knife up and down very fast going over the herbs again and again. Stir in chopped cilantro and lime zest and juice into the butter using a rubber spatula. Transfer the butter onto a large strip of plastic wrap.nGather the ends of the plastic wrap in on 1 hand and use a straight edge, like a small cookie sheet pan, to push the butter back and away from your body making the butter take on a log shape. Gently roll the log wrapped in plastic back and forth on the countertop to evenly round out the shape. Twist up the extra wrap on the ends and place the compound butter log into the freezer to make the butter cold enough to slice again., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 pound large white mushrooms, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 12 large red onion, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons CilantroLime Butter, recipe follows, 2 sticks butter, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced and zested], title: Sauteed Veggies for Steak, picturelink: null}, 27671: {instructions: Bake apple pie per package instructions. Let cool. Once cooled, break up pie with a fork.nThaw puff pastry sheet at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUnfold puff pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut into 3 strips along the fold marks. Place strips 2inches apart on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes, or until golden. Remove from baking sheet and cool on a wire rack.nIn a small bowl combine whipped topping and cinnamon sugar. Set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, beat on low speed with an electric mixer the cream cheese and powdered sugar until light and fluffy. Add caramel creme liqueur and beat until smooth.nPlace one baked puff pastry sheet on a platter. With the back of a fork, gently push down center of the pastry creating a trough for filling. Spoon in some brokenup apple pie, and then layer with 1 cup of whipped topping mixture. Repeat with next layer. Top with baked pastry sheet. Drizzle with glaze and serve., ingredients: [1 uncooked crumb top apple pie, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, 2 cups whipped topping, 2 teaspoons cinnamon sugar, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 4 tablespoons caramel creme liqueur], title: Apple Pie Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 27672: {instructions: Avocado Salad: In a large bowl, combine the avocado, tomatoes, red onion, and cilantro. Season to taste with lime juice, salt and hot pepper sauce.nOnion Rings: Combine the flour and the Cajun seasoning mix and dunk onions in this mixture, then dunk onions in the buttermilk. Repeat this process once. Fry the onion rings until golden brown in a large pot with vegetable oil at 350 degrees.nGlaze: In a large saucepan, combine rum, star anise, cinnamon sticks, juniper berries, lemon zest, cloves, bay leaf and molasses. Reduce until it becomes thick like a glaze.nShrimp: Grill shrimp in a grill pan. Brush with glaze and cook for 1 or 2 minutes on each side.nAssembly: Arrange fried onion rings in center of plate. Spoon avocado salad into onion rings. Arrange cooked shrimp on top of salad., ingredients: [2 avocados, peeled, diced, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 14 cup red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, to taste, 2 limes, juiced, Salt, to taste, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, 4 1 inch wide onion rings, Cajun seasoning mix, Flour, Buttermilk, Vegetable oil, to fry, 2 cups dark rum, 3 star anise, 2 cinnamon sticks, 12 juniper berries, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cloves, 12 bay leaf, 1 cup molasses, 8 extra large shrimp], title: Puerto Rican Rum Glazed Jumbo Shrimp with Crispy Onions and Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 27673: {instructions: Dredge steak in seasoned flour, coat well. Transfer steak to a cutting board and using the teeth side of a meat mallet, pound the flour into the steak. The object is to bread the steak thoroughly. In a deep skillet heat enough oil and butter or lard and shortening to immerse steak until fairly hot. Immerse steak in oil and when nicely browned, cover, and simmer for a few moments, as when frying chicken. Repeat frying process until all steaks are cooked. Transfer steaks to a hot platter. Pour off all but 3 tablespoons of fat from the pan, add the flour and whisking constantly add milk or water. Scrape up any brown particles left on the bottom of the pan and incorporate them into the gravy. Season with salt and pepper or ketchup to taste. Serve steaks with mashed potatoes and gravy., ingredients: [A slice of top round steak, about 12inch thick, 2 cups flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, Oil and butter or lard and shortening, Salt and pepper, to taste, Stock or hot water, 3 tablespoons fat from the pan, 2 cups milk or water, Salt and pepper to taste, Mashed potatoes as an accompaniment], title: Chicken Fried Steak and Cream Gravy, picturelink: null}, 27674: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the brown rice, vegetable stock, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, pepper, brown sugar, ginger and dates to a metal baking pan and mix with your hands to make sure all of the ingredients are distributed evenly. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the pan from the oven, transfer the rice to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 cups brown rice, 6 cups vegetable stock, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 cup pitted and chopped fresh dates], title: Oven Baked Sweet and Savory Brown Rice, picturelink: null}, 27675: {instructions: In a saucepan combine shallots, wine, vinegar and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until liquid is reduced to a syrup. Swirl chilled butter into syrup one piece at a time. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup chopped shallots, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 stick butter, chilled and cut into 8 pieces], title: Ginger Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 27676: {instructions: Reserve the peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes and cut them into 3 by 1 inch strips. Arrange the strips in one layer in a buttered baking dish, dot them with unsalted butter, using 1 tablespoon for each cup of peels, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Bake the peels in a preheated very hot oven 450 degrees for 5 to 25 minutes, according to the type of peel, or until they are very crisp. Baked peels cook in 5 to 7 minutes, raw peels cook in 15 to 20 minutes, and boiled peels cook in 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the peels to a basket, sprinkle with salt and pepper if desired, and serve as an hors doeuvre., ingredients: [Peels from baked, raw, or boiled potatoes, Unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Potato Peel Crisps, picturelink: null}, 27677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the clams in a large bowl and cover with cool tap water. Salt the water well and let the clams sit for 20 minutes to an hour to purge them of sand and grit. Drain and scrub the shells well under cold running water.nSet a large roasting pan across two burners. Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the chile, fennel and sausage, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally to break up the sausage.nOnce the sausage is nicely browned, deglaze the pan with the white wine. Add the clams and stir everything together until well combined. Arrange the tomatoes on top, add the thyme, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the clams pop open and the cherry tomatoes are roasted and juicy, 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the linguine until al dente. When the clams are done, return the roasting pan to the stovetop over high heat. Simmer to reduce excess liquid and to open any clams that are still closed stirring vigorously with a wooden spoon also helps.nTaste sauce and season with salt as needed.nDrain the pasta and transfer it directly into the roasting pan. Add the butter, lemon zest and juice, and the parsley. With tongs, toss everything together to coat the pasta in the sauce.nServe topped with plenty of grated pecorino if using., ingredients: [36 littleneck clams, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium red chile, such as red jalapeno or red Fresno, finely sliced, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 12 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 pound linguine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, cold, cubed, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Pecorino Romano, grated, for serving, optional], title: Pasta with Clams, White Wine and Spicy Italian Sausage, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 27678: {instructions: Cook onion with salt in fat in pot over moderately high heat, covered, stirring occasionally and reducing heat if necessary, until onion is very tender but not browned, about 5 minutes.nAdd paprika and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and broth, stirring vigorously to break up tomatoes. Add chicken and simmer, meat side down, covered, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Simmer, uncovered, until chicken is just cooked through, about 5 to 10 minutes longer. Remove the chicken from the sauce and keep warm.nStir flour mixture and stir into sauce. Simmer, stirring, until sauce is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes.nRemove from heat, then season with salt and stir in 2 tablespoons sour cream. Add chicken back to the sauce to warm and coat with the sauce. Serve, sprinkled with parsley, over noodles or rice, with additional sour cream on the side.nCooks note: Chicken can be prepared, without the sour cream, 2 days ahead and cooled, uncovered, before chilling, covered., ingredients: [2 cups finely chopped onion, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 14 ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, and seeded, 4 chicken breast halves, skin on, and bone in, 12 cup chicken broth or water, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour stirred together with 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons sour cream, plus additional for serving, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, optional, Suggested accompaniment: egg noodles or rice], title: Paprika Chicken, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 27679: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the yellow squash and zucchini and cook, stirring, for 4 to 5 minutes more. Season with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Add salt, pepper and a pinch of sugar, if necessary.nIn a large bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, spinach, pesto and season with pepper.nGrease the bottom and sides of your lasagna dish with butter. Spread a little of the tomato sauce on the bottom of the pan. Lay 4 noodles across the bottom of the baking dish, overlapping by 12inch. Spread 13 of the ricotta and pesto mixture evenly on top. Sprinkle with about a 12 cup mozzarella cheese. Ladle about 1 cup of sauce on top. Repeat layering in the same order. Layer the top layer of noodles and drizzle with the remaining sauce, then sprinkle with the Parmesan and remaining mozzarella. Cover with foil and bake in the center of the oven until the sauce is bubbling around the edges, about 40 minutes. Uncover and bake 5 minutes more. Let stand 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 yellow squash, diced, 1 zucchini, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, Pinch of sugar, optional, 1 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 1 16ounce bag frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 7 ounces storebought pesto, 1 box noboil lasagna noodles, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Fresh basil, for garnish], title: Veggie Pesto Lasagna, picturelink: m1DU19ufZNtugUsXKBNQ5N0aZ8VJHq}, 27680: {instructions: Add all the ingredients, except the garnish, to an Irish coffee glass. Float an inch of whipped cream on top. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.nCombine the sugar and water in a medium saucepan over medium heat, but do not boil. Slowly stir to dissolve the sugar. When the syrup has thickened, remove from the heat. Use a funnel to pour into bottles. The syrup will keep for 2 to 3 weeks in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 ounce Demerara Sugar Syrup, recipe follows, 1 12 ounces Powers Gold Label Irish Whiskey, 4 ounces hot filtered coffee, 1 ounce whipped heavy cream, for garnish, Fresh nutmeg, grated, for garnish, 2 cups granulated Demerara sugar, 2 cups water], title: Irish Coffee, picturelink: amKo4vvUKt1EHGOITHxe3na.WEVFwdW}, 27681: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together apples and lemon juice. Add clery, raisins, walnuts and tuna toss gently. In a medium bowl, combine mayonnaise, milk and cinnamon blend well. For a sweeter dressing add sugar. Pour dressing over appletuna mixture toss gently to coat., ingredients: [1 pouch or 1 can 5 oz. tuna, 1 Tbsp. lemon juice, 2 Tbsp. raisins, 14 cup plain yogurt, 18 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 apple, large size, cored and chopped, 12 cup chopped celery, 2 Tbsp. walnuts or pecans, chopped, 2 Tbsp. milk, Sugar, to taste], title: Tuna Waldorf Salad, picturelink: fTQL2D652PfOQMGOqSfyQuiXe2iCNU6}, 27682: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2quart 8cups souffle dishnArrange an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 2quart souffle dish. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, heat 12 stick of butter over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the nutmeg and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheeses, the spinach, chicken, egg yolks, and bread cubes. Stir until combined mixture will be thick.nIn a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites at high speed until they hold stiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Stir 14 of the egg whites into the chicken mixture. Using a spatula, fold in the remaining egg whites. Spoon the batter into the prepared dish and bake until the souffle is puffed and the top is firm and golden, about 55 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [Unsalted butter for greasing the souffle dish, plus 12 stick 4 tablespoons, at room temperature, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups shredded mild Cheddar, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 packed cups baby spinach leaves, 1 storebought, rotisserie chicken, breast meat only, skinned and cut into 12inch cubes about 2 cups, 6 egg yolks, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 2 12inch thick slices countrystyle white bread, crusts removed, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 egg whites, at room temperature], title: Chicken and Cheddar Souffle, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 27683: {instructions: Peel rutabagas, and cut them in large chunks. Put them in a pan of cold salted water, cover, and bring to a boil. Simmer until very tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Drain the rutabagas, return them to the pan, and heat gently for 2 or 3 minutes to dry them. Mash the chunks with a potato masher or fork, the puree will always be slightly fibrous. Work in butter with a generous grate of nutmeg, taste, and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [2 pounds peeled rutabagas, cut in large chunks, Cold salted water, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, Pinch nutmeg], title: Mashed Rutabagas, picturelink: null}, 27684: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil and line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nPlace the green beans on the tray, add the onions, capers, garlic, soy sauce, and vegetable oil over the beans gently toss to combine. Broil in the oven until the beans are tender, edges are crispy and have absorbed the soy sauce, about 15 minutes.nServings: 4, ingredients: [12 ounces fresh green beans, trimmed, 14 onion, julienned, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Soy Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 27685: {instructions: Saute half the onions in 1 tablespoon oil in a saute pan until translucent, then add the coconut and cook until soft. Remove from the heat and blend in a food processor with a little water to form a puree. Set aside.nSaute the remaining onions in 1 tablespoon oil until golden brown. Add the garlic and ginger pastes and cook for 2 minutes over medium heat. Stir in the coriander, chili powder, cumin, turmeric and some salt and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the chicken and saute for 5 minutes, and then pour in the tomato sauce and coconutonion puree. Bring to a boil and cook for 30 minutes.nDivide the chicken into four equal portions, placing each over a bed of warm basmati rice. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons shredded coconut, 1 teaspoon garlic paste, 1 teaspoon ginger paste, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, Salt, 2 pounds boneless chicken breasts, chopped into small cubes, 1 cup tomato sauce, 4 servings cooked basmati rice, Fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Tiki Chicken, picturelink: null}, 27686: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large skillet over low heat. Add onion, celery, and bell pepper and saute until they begin to soften. While they are cooking, cut fresh tomatoes in half, squeeze out seeds. Stir the fresh tomatoes into the skillet along with tomato paste and diced canned tomatoes. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium low and simmer partially covered to integrate flavors, about 5 minutes. Add stock and cook for another 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nSeason portobello mushrooms with salt and pepper and brush with olive oil. Place on baking sheet in oven for 10 minutes.nRemove pan of tomato mixture from heat, stir in cream and season with salt and pepper, to taste. While the mushrooms are in the oven, puree sauce in batches in food processor. Remove mushrooms from oven and let cool.nTo assemble napoleon, place a portobello on serving plate. Top with 1 slice of cheese followed by a slice of tomato, then another slice of cheese, another tomato slice and the second portobello on the top layer. Ladle warm sauce over the vegetable napoleon and finish with a basil sprig, for garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 small red onion, diced, 3 celery ribs, diced, 1 small red bell pepper, diced, 1 pound fresh tomatoes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 16ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup fresh basil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and gills removed, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 slices fresh mozzarella cheese, 12 large slices fresh tomato, 6 sprigs fresh basil], title: Vegetable Napoleon with Grilled Portobello Mushroom and Tomato Basil Bisque, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 27687: {instructions: Heat grill to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle cheese with a touch of olive oil. Place cheese on the grill for 45 seconds. Flip the cheese and grill for another 45 seconds. Transfer cheese to a small round baking dish. Sprinkle with oregano and crushed red pepper. Serve immediately, using small knives to spread the cheese mixture onto bread slices. Drizzle Chimichurri sauce over.nPlace garlic, aji molido, parsley, chili flakes, and salt in the bowl of a food processor and puree until well ground. With the machine running, add vinegar and slowly pour in oil process until emulsified. Transfer to a deep jar. The sauce can be kept, covered, for up to 3 months in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 pound provolone, in 1 whole round slice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, Bread slices, Chimichurri, recipe follows, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon aji molido Argentine ground pepper, or ground sweet pepper, 12 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, Pinch coarse sea salt, 14 cup malt vinegar, or white vinegar, 1 cup canolaolive oil blend], title: Grilled Provoleta, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 27688: {instructions: Position rack in the lower third of the oven and heat oven to 325 degrees F. Use an 8 by 8inch silicone baking pan or line a similar sized metal or glass baking dish with foil or parchment paper so it hangs over the edges by about 1 inch. For mini brownie bites, line mini muffin tins with 36 mini muffin liners. Spray the prepared pan.nPut the butter, oil and chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl, and heat at 75 percent power for 2 minutes. Stir, and microwave again until completely melted, about 2 minutes more. Alternatively put the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with 1 inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl over, not touching, the water, and stir occasionally until melted and smooth.nStir the brown and white sugars, vanilla and salt into the chocolate mixture with a wooden spoon. Add the eggs and beat vigorously until fully incorporated and the batter is thick and glossy. Add the cocoa, flour and baking soda and stir just until it disappears.nPour the batter into the pan and bake until the top is crispy and a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out with a few crumbs, about 30 minutes 40 minutes if not using silicone for pan brownies, and 14 to 15 minutes for mini brownie bites.nCool the brownies in the pan on the counter. Lift brownies out of the pan by the foil, if needed. Peel off the foil and cut into squares, sticks or shapes using a cookie cutter. Serve. Store extra brownies in a tightly sealed container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons canola or other neutral tasting oil, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, cold, 14 cup cocoa powder, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda], title: Moms Best Friend Brownies, picturelink: T8cpGE7uiP4lem8S3nQGWu7l12.Q742}, 27689: {instructions: Heat oils in a skillet or wok. Add ginger and stir fry a few seconds or until you can smell it, add garlic and mushrooms and stir fry a few moments. Add sugar, mirin and fish. Cover and simmer over low heat until fish is just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nRemove from heat and add dissolved miso. Mix well, season to taste with salt and crushed red pepper stir in scallions and cilantro serve over brown rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon each of vegetable oil and Oriental sesame oil, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 pound Shiitake mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Mirin or rice vinegar, 12 pound monkfish cut into 34inch chunks, 1 tablespoon miso paste dissolved in 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Salt and crushed red pepper flakes, 12 bunch green onions, 12 cup chopped cilantro], title: Monkfish in Miso, picturelink: null}, 27690: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dragon sauce and fried garlic garnish: In a medium saucepan, add the vinegar, soy sauce, sugar and Worcestershire and bring to a boil set aside.nIn a separate medium frying pan, heat the oil to medium, add the chopped garlic and fry until golden. Strain the oil and hold the garlic until ready to plate.nFor the dumplings: Put the ground pork in a large mixing bowl. Add the vegetable oil, oyster sauce, soy seasoning sauce, sugar, black pepper, minced garlic, eggs and 14 cup water and mix thoroughly. Blend the shrimp in a food processor to a coarse texture. Gently combine the crab meat and ground shrimp with the pork mixture.nStart heating water in the bottom of steamer on the stovetop to bring to a boil.nTo prepare the dumplings: Lay out the wonton skins on a flat surface, about 10 at a time, and place a heaping tablespoon of the meatseafood mixture onto the center of each. Fold and form the wonton skin up and around the mixture to create a bitesize dragon egg. Leave the top open so the meatseafood mixture is visible.nGenerously coat the bottom of a steamer basket with vegetable oil to prevent sticking. Place the dumplings into the steamer basket its ok if they touch each other. Once the tray is full, brush a thin layer of vegetable oil onto all the dumplings, then place the basket on the base of the steamer which should be full of boiling water. Steam each layer until clear droplets form on the dragon eggs, about 10 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dumplings.nWhen ready to serve, Place 6 dumplings on a plate and pour some sauce over top. Place a jalapeno wheel on top of each dragon egg and sprinkle on some fried garlic. Garnish with cilantro and enjoy., ingredients: [34 cup white vinegar, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped garlic, 2 pounds ground pork, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for coating the steamer basket and dumplings, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons soy seasoning sauce, such as Golden Mountain, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, 4 ounces small cooked shrimp, 8 ounces crab claw meat, About 60 thin shumaistyle wonton skins 3inch squares, 6 jalapenos, each cut into 10 wheels circles, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Dragon Eggs, picturelink: Y6iHdvS07UbQUrNCb93qXOnFRqKMEfq}, 27691: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, cover the lentils with boiling water and allow to sit for 15 minutes. Drain.nIn a large stockpot on medium heat, saute the onions, leeks, and garlic with the olive oil, salt, pepper, thyme, and cumin for 20 minutes, until the vegetables are translucent and very tender. Add the celery and carrots and saute for 10 more minutes. Add the chicken stock, tomato paste, and lentils. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 1 hour, until the lentils are cooked through. Check the seasonings. Add the red wine and serve hot, drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 pound French green lentils, 4 cups chopped yellow onions 3 large onions, 4 cups chopped leeks, white part only 2 leeks, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 14 cup good olive oil, plus additional for drizzling on top, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 cups mediumdiced celery 8 stalks, 3 cups mediumdiced carrots 4 to 6 carrots, 3 quarts chicken stock, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons red wine or red wine vinegar, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Lentil Vegetable Soup, picturelink: PknzSVejMTc941flhTzQE4a1jqfJoOe}, 27692: {instructions: Trim carrots, leaving about 12inch stems, and peel, if desired.nIn a steamer set over boiling water, steam carrots, covered, until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Carrots may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIn a large heavy skillet cook carrots in butter with sugar and salt and pepper, to taste, over moderately low heat, stirring, until heated through and glazed, about 4 minutes.nWine Suggestions: Penfold Shiraz Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [34 pound baby carrots about 2 pounds with green stems attached, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Glazed Baby Carrots, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 27693: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the oil and bacon over medium heat. When the bacon starts to render its fat, add the sausage and cook until the bacon crisps up and the sausage turns golden, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon and sausage to a bowl with a slotted spoon.nTo the pan, add the onions, celery, and bell pepper. Season with a pinch of salt. Saute until tender, then add the garlic, oregano, white pepper and cayenne pepper. Stir and cook until garlic is tender and pot is fragrant.nDrain and add the soaked beans. Stir to coat the beans, then add the chicken stock, raise the heat and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce to a simmer, cook for 30 to 40 minutes, or until beans are al dente. Add the bacon, and sausage back into the pot along with the rice. Cook 30 minutes more or until rice is tender and the liquid has absorbed. Stir in chopped fresh parsley just before serving. Season to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound slab bacon, cut into 14inch chunks, 6 ounces andouille sausage, sliced into 12inch disks, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound dry white cannellini beans, soaked overnight in water, 6 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 cups long grain white rice, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, for serving], title: Hoppin Jason: Cannellini and Rice with Andouille Sausage, picturelink: fTQL2D652PfOQMGOqSfyQuiXe2iCNU6}, 27694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nCut off the stem end from the pumpkin to create a flat surface. Set the pumpkin cutside down, slice it vertically in half and scoop out the seeds. Lightly oil the pumpkin with the olive oil. Set the pumpkin halves flat on the baking sheet and roast until easily pricked with a fork, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool for at least 10 minutes before scooping out the flesh. Transfer the pumpkin flesh to a food processor and puree until completely smooth. Measure out 2 cups of the puree. Reserve the remainder for another use.nLightly grease or line a 12cup muffin tin. In a large bowl combine the pumpkin puree and eggs, and mix together. Next, add the brown sugar, canola oil, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, clove and nutmeg, and mix together. Add the flour and slowly beat it into the mixture.nPour the batter into the prepared muffin tin and bake until a cake tester comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before removing the cakes from the tin.nFor the glaze: In a bowl, combine the powdered sugar, cinnamon and 1 to 2 tablespoons water, and mix thoroughly. Brush or drizzle the glaze onto the cakes., ingredients: [1 medium sugar pumpkin 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Nonstick spray, for greasing tin, 4 large eggs, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground clove, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Perfect Pumpkin Cakes, picturelink: U0yJlrYqLz70sx3aykK6rprcyHJwbS}, 27695: {instructions: For the sauce and chicken: Heat the canola oil in a saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Stirring constantly, add the ketchup, pepper jelly, vinegar, honey, Worcestershire, mustard and some salt and pepper and cook until warmed through. At this point, either use immediately, or store in the refrigerator for a few days.nAdd the meat to the warm sauce. Stirring well, cook until the sauce and meat are heated through, about 5 minutes.nFor the fried onions: Heat the canola oil in a large saucepan until it registers 350 degrees F on a candy or deepfrying thermometer.nMix some salt into the flour and spread on a plate. Dredge the onion rings in the flour and drop them onebyone into the oil until you have a small batch. Cook until the rings are golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining onions.nTo assemble the sandwiches: toast the buns, spoon the saucy meat onto the buns and top with onion rings, lettuce and tomato slices., ingredients: [1 teaspoon canola oil, 12 onion, diced, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup pepper jelly, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped cooked chicken meat, 2 cups canola oil, Salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 red onions, sliced into thin rings, 16 slider buns, Bibb lettuce leaves, for serving, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Chicken Sloppy Joes, picturelink: ZAqeqXU06204zKkRYiAFnC.0pSf4nmi}, 27696: {instructions: Add olive oil to lightly coat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and swirl to release the aroma. Add the mushrooms and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown. Remove from the pan and set aside.nAdd the beaten egg mixture be sure that the mixture is smoothu00bfno hunks of egg white. Tilt the pan to allow the uncooked egg mixture to run to the sides of the pan to create a wide, flat scrambled egg. Swirl the pan around occasionally to loosen the eggs from the bottom of the pan.nWhen the eggs are threequarters of the way cooked through, sprinkle the middle third of the omelet with the mushrooms and goat cheese. Turn off the heat and sprinkle with the chives.nUsing the spatula, fold the left third of the omelet over the filling. Press gently to secure.nGently shake the pan to be sure that the omelet is loosened from the pan. Gently slide the right third of the omelet out onto a serving plate and flip the other twothirds of the omelet on top. The omelet should be folded like a letter.nServe the omelet with the Potato Hash. Garnish with chives.nPlunge the potatoes into boiling water, then immediately drain and place them in a bowl of ice water.nTo a medium castiron skillet, add the bacon. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon has rendered. Add the onion and cook over low heat, partially covered, until translucent. Add the potatoes and cook until browned and slightly crisp., ingredients: [Olive oil, for cooking, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 cremini mushrooms, stemmed and julienned, 4 oyster mushrooms, julienned, 4 shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned, Salt, 8 eggs, beaten until smooth with 4 tablespoons water, seasoned lightly with salt, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh chives sliced on the bias, plus more for garnish, Potato Hash, recipe follows, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into small dice, 8 slices bacon, cut into 14inch slices, 1 onion, chopped], title: Mushroom Omelet with Bacon and Onion Hash, picturelink: u0H0QDsWwpBicV4PVYUcswoMrw7Ee}, 27697: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two baking sheets with cooking spray.nBeat the cake mix, eggs, butter and 14 cup water in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth and no bits of dry cake mix are left. Stir in the chocolate chips and peppermint extract.nDrop the batter onto the prepared baking sheets, using about 2 tablespoonfuls for each cookie a small ice cream scoop will make this task easier and spacing them about 1 12 inches apart. Bake until set around the edges but still soft in the center, about 10 minutes.nLet the cookies cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes and then transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely. Continue to bake cookies with the remaining batter.nPlace about 1 tablespoon marshmallow cream on half the cookies and top each with a second cookie, gently pressing on the marshmallow it will continue to spread to the edges on its own in a few minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 box devils food cake mix for two 9inch rounds, such as Duncan Hines, 2 large eggs, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, 1 cup marshmallow cream], title: CakeMix Mint Chocolate Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 27698: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly oil a baking sheet large enough to hold the two chickensnStuff each chicken with 3 garlic cloves, 2 sprigs, rosemary, 2 sprigs thyme, and 14 teaspoon crushed peppercorns. Truss the chickens with kitchen twine. In a small bowl, combine the mustard, chopped thyme, chopped tarragon, and parsley. Using a pastry brush, brush the mustard mixture all over the chickens. Place the chickens, breast sides up, on the prepared baking sheet.nDivide the dough in half. According to the directions in the Salt Crust Dough recipe, roll out each portion as thinly as possible. Wrap each chicken completely with dough.nBake until the dough is browned and rockhard, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes. Using a hammer or the back of a heavy knife, crack open the crust and remove the chicken, brushing off any clinging crust with a clean kitchen towel. Cut each chicken in half lengthwise. Serve immediately on warmed plates, ingredients: [Olive oil, for brushing baking sheet, 2 3 12 pound chickens, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 4 3inch sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 3inch sprigs fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon coarsely cracked black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Salt Crust Dough about 12 recipe], title: Chicken in Salt Crust, picturelink: null}, 27699: {instructions: Make the peppers: Combine 2 12 cups water, the rice, currants and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low cover and simmer until the water is absorbed, about 45 minutes. Let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then transfer to a large bowl to cool, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and roast until lightly golden, 6 to 8 minutes let cool, then finely chop. Pile the dill, parsley and scallions on a cutting board and finely chop.nCut off the top of each bell pepper and reserve the tops discard the seeds and white membranes. Put the turkey in a large bowl add 1 cup mozzarella, 14 cup feta, the rice mixture, walnuts, all but 2 tablespoons of the chopped herbs, the garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Gently mix with your hands. Stuff each bell pepper evenly with the turkeyrice mixture cover with the pepper tops.nMake the sauce: Whisk 3 cups water, the tomato puree, brown sugar, olive oil and cinnamon stick in a wide, deep saucepan. Arrange the stuffed peppers upright in the sauce. Bring the sauce to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cover and reduce the heat to medium low simmer until the peppers are soft and the filling is cooked through, 50 to 60 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Carefully remove the peppers from the sauce and transfer to a baking dish remove the tops and set them aside in the baking dish. Toss the reserved 2 tablespoons chopped herbs with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella and 14 cup feta in a small bowl and sprinkle over the filling. Broil until melted, about 2 minutes. Replace the pepper tops. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Serve the peppers in shallow bowls with the sauce.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 12 cups shortgrain brown rice, 14 cup dried currants or golden raisins, Kosher salt, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup fresh dill, 12 cup fresh parsley, 4 scallions, roughly chopped, 6 medium bell peppers any color, 8 ounces lean ground turkey, 2 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 8 ounces, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can tomato puree, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cinnamon stick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: TurkeyandRice Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: IO1ruiIuShrOUEITK.HsxqPi1gb8mq}, 27700: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to package directions.nSaute the garlic and onions in 2 tablespoons butter and the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until soft. Pour in the vodka, being careful if your stove has an open flame remove the pan from the heat before adding. Cook and reduce for 2 to 3 minutes, then pour in the tomato puree. Stir the mixture until its thoroughly combined, then reduce the heat to low. Pour in the heavy cream. Stir to combine, then turn heat to the lowest simmer possible. Sprinkle in the red pepper flakes and add salt and pepper to taste. Finally, stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Pour the drained pasta into the sauce and toss to combine. Sprinkle on the Parmesan, then sprinkle on more red pepper flakes if desired., ingredients: [1 pound penne, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole medium onion, chopped finely, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup vodka, One 14ounce can tomato puree or tomato sauce, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 generous pinch red pepper flakes, plus more if needed, 14 to 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Penne alla Vodka, picturelink: HlNSfeKbIyKc99kLUl5ezzaRFemoHvy}, 27701: {instructions: Place the SPAMr in a meat grinder, and grind until it reaches the consistency of ground sausage.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the meat and the Six Pepper Spice to the skillet, and cook until desired degree of doneness. Add more pepper, as desired. Remove from heat.nIn a medium bowl, combine the meat with the cooled Fruit Relish. Add the pine nuts, and stir until just combined.nSpread 1 grape leaf out on flat surface, vein side up. Place about 14 cup meat mixture on each leaf, and roll it up like a small burrito or a 3inch cigar. Repeat with remaining grape leaves.nPlace the stuffed grape leaves in a steamer, and steam for 3 to 5 minutes, or until completely heated through.nMeanwhile, add the yogurt, strawberries, figs, and honey to a blender or food processor. Blend until combined, adding more honey to taste, as desired. Set aside.nServe the steamed grapes leaves with the yogurt dipping sauce, if desired.nCombine all ingredients in a small nonreactive saucepan. Add 14 cup water, and cook over medium heat until fruit softens. Taste for seasoning, and add more vinegar, sugar, or water, as necessary. The relish should be dry. Remove from heat and let cool., ingredients: [One 12ounce can SPAMr, 1 teaspoon Six Pepper Spice, or mixed color peppercorns, plus more to taste, Fruit Relish, recipe follows, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 jar grape leaves, 14 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup strawberries, cleaned and hulled, 14 cup fresh figs, cleaned and stemmed, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, plus more to taste, Yogurt dipping sauce, if desired, 14 cup dried mango, diced into 14inch cubes, 14 cup dried papaya, diced into 14inch cubes, 14 cup dried apple, diced into 14inch cubes, 14 cup dried figs, diced into 14inch cubes, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup sugar, plus more to taste, 14 cup vinegar, plus more to taste], title: Napa Valley Stuffed Grape Leaves with Six Pepper SPAMr, Fruit Relish and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 27702: {instructions: In a small bowl soak bread in 14 cup water 15 minutes and squeeze out excess water. Chop 5 garlic cloves and in a food processor puree with almonds, bread, and salt to taste until fluffy and very smooth. With motor running add oil in a slow stream, blending until sauce is emulsified and blend in lemon juice. Transfer dipping sauce to a small bowl., ingredients: [5 slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts removed, torn into pieces, 5 large garlic cloves, 14 cup sliced blanched almonds, ground fine in a food processor, Salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Greek Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Put selfrising flour in a large bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender or two knives until it is the size of grains of rice. Add buttermilk and toss gently with a fork until the mixture leaves the side of the bowl  mixture should be very wet and sticky. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead just until the mixture holds together. Divide dough into 12 equal pieces and round into a ball. Dip each biscuit into melted butter then into one of the desired coating mixtures below. Place in an ungreased 12  inch round pan. Once all of the biscuits are in the pan, press the tops slightly so that they spread and are just barely touching. If there is any coating left over, sprinkle it evenly on top. Bake in a preheated 450 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes until golden brown.nCinnamonSugar Coating: In a small bowl combine 2 teaspoons cinnamon 13 cup granulated sugar and 13 cup unbleached flour.nHerb Coating: In a small bowl combine 13 cup Parmesan cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons unbleached flour, and 1 teaspoon garlic powder.nSpiciy Coating: In a small bowl combine 13 cup finely chopped Cheddar cheese and 3 tablespoons unbleached flour.nOne of the coatings listed below., ingredients: [2 12 cups selfrising flour, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 to 114 cups buttermilk, 14 cup melted butter], title: Light as a Feather Coated Biscuit, picturelink: null}, 27704: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way.nHeat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 360 degrees F.nSeason the pork with the Cajun spices, according to your taste. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Whisk the eggs until foamy and add water.nPrepare the pork by dredging in the flour, then dipping in the egg wash, then back in the flour again. Fry the pork in batches, until crust is golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels to remove any excess oil. Serve with Smother Gravy and garnish with scallions.nMix well. Store in glass or plastic container with lid.nYield: about 1 12 cupsnIn a heavy bottom saucepan melt the butter over medium heat, add the onions, and cook for 1 minute before adding the red pepper, celery, carrots, garlic, and the thyme. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes, until vegetables are tender.nTurn the heat up to medium and add the Cajun spices and flour. Stirring constantly, saute until you can smell the spices and the flour starts to get a little golden.nPour the chicken stock into the pan while stirring constantly with a whisk. The gravy will start to thicken as it comes to a boil. Add the Worcestershire and reduce the heat to low to prevent the gravy from burning. Allow the gravy to simmer for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nYield: 4 cups, ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 12 12inch slices center cut pork, tenderized and pounded with a mallet, Cajun spices, recipe follows, Flour, for dredging, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons water, Smother Gravy, recipe to follow, Scallions sliced on the bias, for garnish, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup cayenne powder, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic granules, 14 cup black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion granules, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup small diced onions, 14 cup small diced red pepper, 14 cup small diced celery, 14 cup brunoised carrot, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon Cajun spices, 2 to 4 tablespoons flour, 3 cups unsalted chicken stock, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Smothered Pork Medallions and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 27705: {instructions: Special equipment: a grill or smoker a deep fryernFor the patties: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat or prepare a smoker to 225 degrees F.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, bell pepper and onion and saute until transparent and soft. Set aside to cool completely.nWhile the vegetables are cooling, put the ground pork in a large bowl. Add the sauteed vegetables, BBQ sauce, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika and black pepper. Mix together with your hands until wellblended. Shape the meat into five 8ounce patties.nGrill or smoke the patties until the internal temperature on an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F, about 4 minutes per side on a grill and 50 minutes in a smoker.nFor the fried onions: Heat a deep fryer with vegetable oil.nSoak the julienned onion in a bowl with the buttermilk for 5 minutes. Combine the flour, cornmeal and Cajun seasoning in a shallow bowl. Remove the onion from the buttermilk letting the excess drip off and dredge in the seasoned flour. Working in batches, fry in the hot oil until crispy, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nFor the coleslaw: Combine the green and red cabbage, carrots and coleslaw dressing in a large bowl and toss well to coat.nTo assemble: Place some coleslaw in the bottom of each bun. Top with a patty, some BBQ sauce and fried onions. Add the bun tops and enjoy., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 3 stalks celery, small diced, 1 bell pepper, small diced, 12 medium onion, small diced, 2 12 pounds fresh ground pork pork shoulder butt is recommended, 2 tablespoons your favorite BBQ sauce, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 onion, julienned, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 4 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 3 12 cups shredded green cabbage, 12 cup shredded purple cabbage, 14 cup shredded carrot, 3 tablespoons storebought coleslaw dressing, 5 cornmeal buns, split], title: Soul Burger, picturelink: null}, 27706: {instructions: Use a mortar and pestle to pound cilantro stems and roots, ginger, garlic, and shallots, to a paste, pounding each ingredient thoroughly before adding the next. Then add the fish sauce to create a thin paste. Youll probably need to work in batches. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the coconut milk. Grind the dried chilies and peppercorns together in a spice grinder. Add the lime zest and kaffir leaf pieces, and grind them all together until the mixture is fine and slightly moist. Stir the spice mixture into the coconut milk mixture. Rub the pig down and up put it in a giant garbage bag or large plastic bin, inside and out with the kosher salt. Then rub the coconut mixture all over the salted pig, inside and out. Put the pig, belly up, in a large heavyduty trash bag and pour any remaining marinade inside the cavity. Squeeze out as much air as possible from the bag and tie it. Let sit for 2 to 3 days in a large refrigerator.nGet a large smoker up to 200 degrees F. Remove the pig from the bag, saving as much of the marinade as possible. Put the pig in the smoker, belly up, and pour the marinade into the belly cavity. While its cooking, focus on stoking your fire, maintaining the temperature, and drinking. The piggy is ready when the internal temperature of the thickest part of the shoulder is at 170 degrees F. Any pig over 140 pounds or so will take the full 24 hours. If youre working with 50pounders, though, itll take closer to 12 hours.nRemove the pig from the smoker and transfer it to a large table covered with a plastic tablecloth or tarp. Let it rest for about 20 minutes, but porkmad people will undoubtedly start ripping into the fatty flesh before you can get it to the table. I know because Im one of them. Use a heavyduty, sharp knife to remove the primals, peel the skin, and chop the meat. Be sure to have a catch basin for the juice and fat that will be spilling out from the smoky carcass. Toss the reserved cilantro leaves over the chopped meat., ingredients: [6 bunches of fresh cilantro with roots, leaves reserved and stems and roots chopped, 4 hands of fresh ginger, 3 cups peeled and chopped, 6 heads of garlic, cloves separated, peeled, and chopped, 10 shallots, chopped, 2 cups fish sauce, Ten 14ounce cans coconut milk, preferably AroyD brand, shaken, 1 12 cups dried red chilies, such as cayenne, 6 tablespoons whole white peppercorns, Zest of 7 limes, 12 fresh kaffir lime leaves, stems and center veins discarded and leaves chopped, 1 whole pig at least 200 pounds, gutted and singed, scalded, or shaved, 2 cups kosher salt], title: Whole Smoked Pig The Guy, picturelink: null}, 27707: {instructions: Heat oil in a shallow pan and brown garlic. Add all peppers and saute for 1 minute. Add rest of the ingredients. Heat until simmering and pour over the fish.nSuggested Wines:  Veuve Royale Brut, French Sparkling Wine  Tablas Hills, Paso Robles Red Wine, Cuvee Rouge, 1995 Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre blend, ingredients: [1 whole about 3 pounds red snapper deep fried, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon black bean garlic sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 2 ounces yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 2 ounces green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno chili, thinly sliced, 6 basil leaves], title: Thai Snapper with Black Bean Basil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPasta: Put the flour in a large mixing bowl. Beat the eggs and oil together and mix it into the flour. The dough should be firm enough to handle and not sticky. Adjust the consistency with additional flour or a few drops of water, if necessary. Knead the dough for 5 minutes. Roll it into a ball and then cover it with a kitchen towel. Let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Cut the ball into quarters. Stretch each quarter with a rolling pin, then cut them into thin or thick slices for linguine or fettuccine.nSauce: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over a medium heat. Add onions and saute until transparent. Add 1 cup of vodka and reduce it by half, then add the marinara sauce. Let it simmer and reduce. Season with oregano and salt and pepper, if using.nCook the pasta in salted boiling water until cooked al dente. Add the cream to the sauce and allow it to heat through for a couple of minutes while pasta is finishing. Drain the pasta and add it to a serving bowl. Pour in the sauce and toss. Garnish with some basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [4 cups semolina durum flour, 6 eggs, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup olive oil, 1 chopped onion, 1 cup vodka, 3 12 cups marinara sauce, Oregano, salt and pepper, optional, 1 cup halfandhalf, Basil leaves, for garnish], title: Fresh Pasta con Vodka Sauce, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 27709: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. To make the dough, combine flour, salt, honey, and water and mix for 2 minutes on 1 speed to form a ball. Add yeast and continue to mix for an additional 6 minutes. Add the olive oil until fully incorporated. Portion dough into 5 41 2 ounce pieces and form into tight balls. Refrigerate to proof.nPound out dough to release air bubbles and form into discs. Brush chile oil evenly. Place onions on dough. Bake in oven for 7 to 10 minutes or until golden in color. Remove from oven. Spread creme fraiche on and sprinkle dill on top. Place salmon over pizzas, sprinkle with chives. Slice pizzas into 6 slices and add 1 tablespoon caviar to each slice., ingredients: [15 ounces bread flour, 1 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoon honey, 7.5 ounces water, 1 2 teaspoon yeast, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 tablespoons chile oil, 1 4 cup red onion, sliced, 1 cup creme fraiche, 4 tablespoons fresh dill, roughly chopped, 30 smoked salmon slices, 18 cup chives, 15 ounces black caviar, such as Romanoff lumpfish], title: Jewish Pizza, picturelink: null}, 27710: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Put the drumsticks on the rack and season both sides generously with salt and pepper. Bake 30 minutes flip the drumsticks and continue baking until golden and crisp, about 30 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Bring the apple juice, vinegar, soy sauce, honey, lemon zest, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt to a high simmer in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook until the sauce is syrupy and coats the back of a spoon, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside until the chicken is done.nStir the sesame seeds into the sauce, if using, and warm over medium heat, if necessary. Transfer the chicken to a large bowl. Add the sauce and butter and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the chicken to a platter and drizzle with any remaining sauce from the bowl.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 skinon chicken drumsticks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups apple juice, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons honey, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 18 to 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds optional, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: AppleHoney Drumsticks, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 27711: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the peachandmint ice mold in a large punch bowl. Add the vodka, creme de cassis, peach syrup, lime juice and champagne. To serve, ladle into glasses over ice.nPlace the peaches and mint in the bottom of a 10 to 12cup Bundt pan, and fill with cold water to about 1 inch from the top. Freeze until set, about 24 hours.nTo unmold, let sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes, or dip pan in a warm water bath for 10 to 20 seconds, then invert.nPlace the peaches, sugar and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer, and cook until the sugar dissolves and the peaches have softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender blend until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [PeachandMint Ice Mold, recipe follows, 4 cups vodka, 3 cups creme de cassis, 2 cups Peach Syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup lime juice, 1 bottle Champagne, 3 cups sliced peaches, fresh or frozen, 20 sprigs fresh mint, 3 cups sliced peaches, fresh or frozen, 2 cups sugar], title: Fancy Farmers Cocktail, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 27712: {instructions: Prepare the ribs the night before: Trim the membrane from the back of 2 racks about 4 pounds St. Louis pork ribs. Then make the rub: Whisk 1 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons chopped ginger, 5 chopped garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon sesame oil and 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder coat the ribs with the mixture and refrigerate overnight. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh on one side and place a drip pan under the cooler side. Set the ribs over the drip pan use a rib rack, if you have one. Cover, making sure the vent holes are directly over the ribs cook for 3 hours, or until the meat pulls back from the bones. To make the sauce, whisk 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 to 3 tablespoons Asian chili sauce and 1 tablespoon water brush onto the meat and cook over direct heat until glazed. Cut the racks into ribs and sprinkle with sliced scallions and sesame seeds.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Spicy HoisinGlazed Ribs, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 27713: {instructions: Dice the potatoes coarsely and boil them until tender.nWhile the potatoes are boiling, render the bacon slowly. When it starts to brown add the spinach, raise the heat and evaporate all of the liquid.nDrain the potatoes and mash them with stock or heavy cream until you have the desired consistency. Fold in spinach and bacon and add cheese to taste. Season with salt and pepper.nReheat leftovers in a microwave oven or in a double boiler., ingredients: [4 pounds russet or baking potatoes, peeled, 14 pound bacon, diced, 4 cups packed stemmed washed spinach leaves, 1 cup good veal stock or heavy cream, Approximately 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes with Spinach and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 27714: {instructions: STOVE TOP METHOD HEAT oil in Dutch oven over medium heat. Season meat with salt and pepper. Brown roast on all sides in pan. SPRINKLE meat with flour. Combine 1 12 teaspoons salt, curry powder, ketchup, sweet orange marmalade and hot pepper sauce in medium bowl stir in black beans, water and ketchup. Pour mixture over roast. BRING to a boil, then cover tightly and simmer, stirring occasionally, about 3 hours or until meat is forktender. REMOVE meat to serving platter. Cut into servingsize pieces. Stir lime peel into gravy and beans. Pour gravy over meat. Serve over cooked rice or egg noodles and garnish with chopped cilantro, if desired.nSLOW COOKER METHOD SPRAY inside of slow cooker with nostick cooking spray. Place roast in cooker. SPRINKLE meat with flour. Combine salt, curry powder, ketchup, sweet orange marmalade and hot pepper sauce in medium bowl stir in black beans, water and ketchup. Pour mixture over roast. COVER and cook on LOW 8 to 10 hours or on HIGH 5 to 6 hours or until meat is forktender. To serve, see final step above., ingredients: [2 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil or Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, if using slow cooker, 3 to 4 lbs. boneless beef chuck roast, Salt and pepper to taste, 13 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 12 tsps. salt, 1 tbsp. curry powder, 1 8.5 oz. jar Dickinsonsu00ae Tomato Ketchup, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sweet Orange Marmalade, 12 tsp. hot pepper sauce, or to taste, 1 15 oz. can black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup water, Peel of 1 lime, grated, Cooked rice or noodles optional, Chopped fresh cilantro for garnish optional], title: Caribbean Pot Roast, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 27715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pie crust: Combine the flour, sugar and salt in the bowl of the food processor and give it a quick pulse to blend the ingredients. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like crumbly sand. Add the cheese and pulse again until combined and cheese is worked into the mixture and cut into small chunks. Turn the mixture out into a bowl, drizzle in 6 tablespoons cold water, and mix in with a rubber spatula until the flour is moistened. Add another tablespoon of water, only if needed. Divide the dough in half, shape each half into a ball and flatten to a disc. Rest the dough to relax the gluten, 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Combine the Granny Smith apples, Braeburn apples, sugar, flour, light brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large bowl and toss to combine.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Adjust the baking racks to the center of the oven.nRoll out 1 disc of the dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12inch round. Transfer to a 9inch pie dish. Add the apples in an even layer and dot with the butter. Lightly brush the edges with egg wash. Roll out the next dough round, slightly smaller than the first. Cover the top of the apples with the second pie dough, pressing the edges to seal the crust. Trim the crust so you are left with a 1inch overhang. Tuck the crust underneath itself so its flush with the edge of the pie plate. Crimp the edges decoratively. Brush the pie with the egg wash and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Make 5 air slits in the center of the pie. Place the pie on baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes.nLower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 45 minutes longer. Cool to room temperature, at least 3 hours, before slicing., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup 4 ounces grated extrasharp white Cheddar, 2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced into 14inch wedges, 1 12 pounds Braeburn apples, peeled and sliced into 14inch wedges, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons butter, sliced into pats, 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon turbinado sugar, for sprinkling], title: Apple Pie with Cheddar Cheese Crust, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 27716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place a full tea kettle over mediumlow heat. Spray four 1 cup ovenproof ramekins with nonstick cooking spray.nSeparate the eggs, putting the whites in a slightly larger bowl. Using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites until they hold stiff peaks. Set aside. To the yolks, add the sugar and beat until the sugar is dissolved and the color has turned a pale yellow. Add the pineapple juice and vanilla. Sift in the flour and salt and mix well. Mix in the milk.nFold the whites into the yolk mixture. Divide the batter among the ramekins. Place the ramekins into a baking dish and pour in hot water until it reaches halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake the pudding cakes until set, about 20 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before serving. To serve, garnish with pineapple chunks., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 eggs, 14 cup sugar, One 8ounce can pineapple chunks, drain and juice reserved, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup milk, skim or whole], title: Pineapple Pudding Cakes, picturelink: BmMDxWTEgQa45hkKHTr7F5arAj98gQy}, 27717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the barbecue sauce, peach preserves, garlic and hot sauce to taste in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat until nice and hot, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle some olive oil on 2 rimmed baking sheets and place the chicken thighs skinside down. Roast for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, brush some sauce all over the thighs, then use a spatula to flip them over, being careful not to tear the skin. Brush the tops with more sauce and return to the oven for 7 minutes more. Remove from the oven, brush on more sauce, and return to the oven for another 7 minutes. Remove from the oven, brush on more sauce, and increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nContinue roasting the chicken thighs until the sauce is starting to brown around the edges and the thighs are totally cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let sit for at least 10 minutes before serving. Delicious, ingredients: [3 cups your favorite barbecue sauce, 12 cup peach preserves, 1 clove garlic, grated, Hot sauce, to taste, Olive oil, for drizzling, 14 bonein, skinon chicken thighs], title: OvenRoasted BBQ Chicken, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 27718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the kalamata and green olives, the tomatoes, scallion, onion, mushrooms, garlic and artichoke hearts in a large bowl. Stir in both cheeses, the basil, oregano and thyme set aside, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, beat the eggs, milk, and salt and pepper to taste in another bowl.nBrush a 10inch glass or ceramic pie dish with some of the butter. Stack 6 sheets of phyllo dough keep the rest covered with a damp towel and cut the stack into a 12inch round with a paring knife. Place 1 phyllo round in the prepared pie dish and brush with butter continue to layer the remaining 5 phyllo rounds in the dish, brushing each piece with butter before adding the next.nSpread the olive mixture evenly in the phyllolined dish, then pour in the egg mixture. Cut the remaining 4 phyllo sheets into 10inch rounds. Layer on top of the pie, brushing each piece with butter before adding the next.nBake until the top is golden and a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nWinning Olive Recipe: Learn More about the winning cook, Celia WallisnPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [34 cup chopped kalamata olives, 14 cup chopped garlicstuffed green olives, 12 cup chopped plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 12 cup chopped white mushrooms, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chopped marinated artichoke hearts, 12 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 4 large eggs, 12 cup reducedfat milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 10 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed], title: Perfect Brunch Pie, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 27719: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor combine the mustard, Worcestershire, garlic, vinegar, lemon juice and anchovy fillets. Pulse until the garlic and anchovy fillets are well chopped. Scrap the sides of the bowl occasionally to ensure even and uniform blending of the ingredients.nWhile running the processor continuously, pour the olive through the cap into the processor bowl in a slow and steady stream, and process to a smooth and creamy texture.nWhen all of the oil has been incorporated add the Parmesan cheese with one final spin in the processor. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nPour into a clean container and refrigerate until ready to use.nWill keep for 4 to 5 days refrigerated., ingredients: [5 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 ounce can anchovy fillets, drained, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Quick and Creamy Eggless Caesar Dressing, picturelink: null}, 27720: {instructions: Make the dough: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until it looks like coarse meal. Whisk the yolks, vanilla and lemon zest and juice, then add to the food processor and pulse until the dough holds together when pinched stop before it gathers into a ball. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and knead into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Pulse the almonds in a clean food processor until coarsely chopped transfer to a saucepan. Pulse the figs in the food processor until finely chopped and add to the saucepan along with the orange zest, wine, honey and cocoa powder. Cook over medium heat, stirring, 5 minutes. Let cool.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll the dough into about 24 balls, then flatten into 2inch disks. Place 1 heaping teaspoon filling in the center. Wrap the pastry over the filling, then roll into a ball, covering the filling. Put on the prepared baking sheets, cover and refrigerate about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until the cookies are lightly browned, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and orange zest and juice in a bowl. Brush the cookies with the glaze and top with the nonpareils. Let set, about 15 minutes. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup whole almonds, toasted, 1 cup dried figs, stemmed, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon cocoa powder natural or Dutchprocess, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, Silver nonpareils, for decorating], title: Sicilian Fig Cookies, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 27721: {instructions: Add the turkey fat to a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and saute until translucent. Whisk in the flour and cook until medium golden brown in color, about 3 to 4 minutes. Slowly whisk in pan the drippings with the stock and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat. Simmer until thick or until desired consistency is reached, about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the chopped egg and season with salt and pepper, to taste, if needed. Serve alongside that big beautiful bird, ingredients: [4 tablespoons skimmed fat from turkey drippings, 3 tablespoons chopped shallots, 4 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, Turkey pan drippings, no fat mixed with lowsodium turkey or chicken stock to make 4 cups, 4 eggs, hardboiled and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Southern Egg Gravy, picturelink: b3px5h9e2qrBUG09ZeZvHjffc9r11H2}, 27722: {instructions: Remove the claws from the lobsters. Carefully crack the claws and try to remove the meat in 1 piece and set aside for garnish. Remove the tail meat and chop into 1inch chunks and set aside in the refrigerator. Reserve the shells.nMelt butter in a medium stockpot over medium heat add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Increase heat to high, add the wine, lobster shells, and corn cobs and cook until completely reduced. Add 4 cups of the lobster stock and bring to a boil. Add 2 cups of the corn and let cook for 15 minutes. Remove the lobster shells and corn cobs.nTransfer the soup to a food processor and process until smooth. Strain into a clean saucepan and bring to a simmer. Stir in the lobster meat, remaining 1 cup of roasted corn kernels and green chiles and cook for 5 minutes.nPlace heavy cream in a medium saucepan and reduce by half. Add the reduced cream to the chowder and stir until combined, if the chowder appears too thick, add some of the remaining lobster stock to thinly slightly. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the cilantro. Ladle into bowls and top with a few tablespoons of relish, a lobster claw and fresh cilantro leaves.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove corn from water, place on baking sheets and roast in the oven until tender and slightly charred, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, remove husks and kernels and place kernels in a bowl.nAdd the remaining ingredients and stir until combined. Let relish sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow flavors to meld., ingredients: [4 2 pound lobsters, steamed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups roasted corn kernels, cobs reserved see Cooks note, 4 to 5 cups lobster stock, 3 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 3 cups heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus leaves for garnish, Roasted Corn and Green Chile Relish, recipe follows, 4 ears fresh corn, silks removed but husks left on, soaked in cold water for 10 minutes, 1 large poblano chile, roasted, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, finely diced], title: Lobster and Green Chile Chowder with Roasted CornGreen Chile Relish, picturelink: WPiS4fruSzHsGo1Jl.p3ygqlFcXLutm}, 27723: {instructions: Granita:nPour the water, tangerine juice, and lemon juice into a saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, add the honey and sugar, and stir until dissolved. Pour the mixture into a shallow metal pan and let cool to room temperature. Place in the freezer and stir every 30 minutes for 2 to 3 hours. Youll want the granita to be firm but not rock hard.nSyrup:nPlace the cherries in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Put all the ingredients into a saucepan and place over high heat. Let it come to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour into a heatproof pitcher and let cool to room temperature.nAssembly:nDivide the granita among 4 martini glasses, top with fresh raspberries, and drizzle the whole thing with the syrup., ingredients: [Granita:, 3 cups water, 5 honey tangerines, juiced, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups pitted sour cherries, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 container fresh raspberries], title: Honey Tangerine Granita with Sour Cherry Syrup and Fresh Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 27724: {instructions: In a large pot, cover the potatoes and parsnips with cold water. Bring to a boil, salt the water and cook until forktender. Drain and return to the pot mash with the butter, cheese and milk. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Stir in the chives. Serve with the Gravy.nPlace a small to medium pot over medium heat and add the butter. When melted, sprinkle in the flour and mix with a wooden spoon to make a rouxu00bfit should look like wet sand. Stir for a couple minutes, then whisk in the stock, making sure to get into the corners of the pan, and bring to a simmer. Let cook for a few minutes, then add the Worcestershire and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 russet baking potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 to 2 large parsnips, peeled and cubed, Salt and white pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 34 cups shredded extra, extra, extrasharp white Cheddar, 12 cup whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, Gravy, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups turkey stock, 1 to 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes and Parsnips with Cheddar, picturelink: u0H0QDsWwpBicV4PVYUcswoMrw7Ee}, 27725: {instructions: In a medium pot over medium high heat, saute diced onions and garlic in olive oil for 1 minute. Add remaining ingredients except for cream. Bring to boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes.nRemove soup from heat. Working in batches, puree soup in blender. NOTE: When blending hot liquids, only fill blender bowl halfway and place kitchen towel over lid. Always start with lower blender settings before puree setting.nAdjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Return puree to saucepan, add cream and heat through. Serve hot, garnished with chopped fresh basil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 frozen diced onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup dry vermouth, 3 15ounce cans roasted diced tomatoes, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 10 large fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cream], title: Roasted Tomato Basil Soup, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 27726: {instructions: Adjust the oven rack to its lowest position, and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nArrange the asparagus into 4 bundles of 5 spears on 2 pieces of parchment paper. Season the asparagus with salt and sugar for caramelizing, and then drizzle with the melted butter. Fold the grease parchment paper like a book, and seal it with paper clips. Put the parchment paper packages next to each other on the oven rack do not use a baking sheet. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until sugar has caramelized.nTo plate, cut open the parchment paper packages, and top with the crayfish and their sauce.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, and then add the sea salt, garlic, cumin, peppercorns, star anise, bay leaf, celery, shallots, fennel, and chile. Reduce the heat and let simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. This will be used as the stock to cook the crayfish.nWith a spider or slotted spoon, remove the vegetables from the stock. Bring the stock back to a boil for another 10 minutes.nIn another large saucepan of boiling salted water, place the crayfish, which are still alive at this point, and cook for 30 seconds. Remove them to an ice water bath to cool them and prevent further cooking. Remove them from the water bath, turn their tails, and pull to remove the intestines. Then, add them to the stock and cook for several minutes, or until cooked through. Cool them in the ice water bath, and then peel them with a pair of scissors.nIn a large skillet, brown 12 cup of butter. Add the peeled crayfish, lime juice, and chervil, tossing to coat well., ingredients: [20 asparagus spears, uniformly sized, and peeled, Sea salt, for sprinkling, Sugar, for sprinkling, 12 cup melted butter, Crayfish, recipe follows, Sea salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon dried cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground star anise, 1 bay leaf, 1 stalk celery, cut into 2inch sticks, 5 whole small shallot bulbs, 1 fennel bulb, quartered, 1 whole chile pepper, such as a jalapeno, cut in 12, and seeded, 32 fresh crayfish, 12 cup butter, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil leaves], title: PaperClip Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 27727: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat oil over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender. Stir in garlic and cook until aroma is released. Add rice and cook for 1 minute. Add wine and stir until all the liquid is absorbed. Stirring continuously add in 12 cup stock at a time. Do not add next 12 cup until the previous one has been absorbed. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with freshly grated Parmesan cheese and pepper, ingredients: [3 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 3 to 4 cups canned chicken stock, Parmesan cheese, Salt, Pepper], title: Simple Risotto, picturelink: null}, 27728: {instructions: 1.Boil the potatoes in their skins until they are tender when pierced by a fork. Remove from heat and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking. Allow to cool completely. When cool, peel the potatoes and cut into large dice. Place in a large salad bowl.n2.Reserve some of the sliced eggs for decoration. Chop the remaining egg slices. Add the eggs, green onion, celery and pickle to the bowl stir to combine with the potatoes.n3.Combine the pickle relish, mayonnaise and honey mustard. Stir into the potato salad mixture until well coated. Taste and add salt and pepper as desired. The salad may be made up to 24 hours in advance of serving up to this step. If you do so, taste and adjust the mayonnaise and seasonings, if needed, before proceeding to the next step.n4.Peel, seed and dice the avocado. Toss gently with the lemon juice fold into the potato salad.n5.Garnish with reserved egg slices and additional avocado slices if desired serve.nServing Suggestion: For individual servings, place in hollowedout tomato halves or lettuce cups for a pretty presentation., ingredients: [6 medium russet potatoes, 6 large eggs, hard boiled and sliced, 14 cup chopped green onions, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 1 cup sweet pickles, diced, 13 cup sweet pickle relish, 1 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 14 cup honey mustard, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ripe, Fresh California Avocados, plus optional extra for garnish, 1 Tbsp. lemon juice], title: PICNIC POTATO SALAD WITH CALIFORNIA AVOCADOS Sponsored, picturelink: vwHY9Rz6CH2tx72Uje.Ya8bEiwBhK76}, 27729: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the onion and garlic until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer 20 minutes.nPuree the mixture in a food processor, pour into a bowl, and let cool at room temperature. May be refrigerated up to 1 week or frozen., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 12 medium red onion, finely diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons dark molasses, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder available at, Hispanic or specialty markets, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder available at, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Mesa Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heavy bottomed stainless steel saucepan combine the lemon juice, sugar, yolks, eggs, and butter. Over high heat whisk the mixture constantly until thickened. Strain it into a bowl set over ice and chill it stirring to thicken slightly. Fold in the whipped cream and pour or pipe into paper cones to the top, and set in a rack to hold them. Freeze overnight. Peel off the paper cone and serve., ingredients: [12 cup lemon juice, 1 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 1 egg, 12 cup butter, diced, 34 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Frozen Lemon Mousse Cones, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 27731: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the eggplant on a baking sheet and toss with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Bake 15 minutes, until softened and browned. Remove from the heat.nHeat the remaining oil over medium heat in a 10 or 12inch nonstick skillet, and add the onion and green pepper. Cook, stirring, until they soften and begin to color, about 10 minutes. Add the eggplant and zucchini and cook, stirring, until the zucchini softens and begins to color, about 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the tomato, parsley, and salt to taste, and cook, stirring often, until the mixture begins to thicken, 3 to 5 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings.nPreheat the broiler. Beat the eggs until frothy and season with a scant 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Turn the heat in the pan to mediumhigh and pour in the eggs. Shake the pan and lift the edges of the eggs as they set, tilting the pan to distribute them and let them run underneath the mixture. When the eggs have just about set, transfer the pan to the preheated broiler, about 3 inches from the heat. Leave under the broiler until the top of the tortilla is set, then remove from the heat and allow to cool in the pan, then slide onto a plate or platter. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 small Japanese or Chinese eggplant about 6 ounces, peeled and diced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small zucchini, cut in half lengthwise, seeded, and diced, 1 large ripe tomato 12 pound, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 eggs], title: Vegetable Tortilla from Murcia, picturelink: LHdzBgbntNIs9xd1XVJWZPr3C9.0fy}, 27732: {instructions: Make the tartlets: Preheat the oven to 350. Melt the butter in a saucepan over low heatnand cook until it browns and smells nutty, then let cool. Stir in the flour, both sugars and thensalt with a wooden spoon. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon water, if necessary, to help the dough clump together. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead three or four times, or just until the dough comes together.nScoop 14 cup dough into each of 6 nonstick muffinpan cups. Press the dough down in the middle and slightly up along the sides to make a cup shape. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes. Place 1 heaping tablespoon fig jam in the center of each tartlet and bake until golden, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool slightly, then remove from the pan.nMeanwhile, make the topping: Heat the bourbon, sugar, 12 cup water and the vanilla pod and seeds in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the figs and poach until they are plump and the liquid is syrupy, about 15 minutes. Serve the tartlets with the figs, their sauce and a dollop of creme fraeche.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup fig jam, 12 cup bourbon, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out, 1 14 cups dried black figs, stems removed, halved, Creme fraeche, for serving], title: Brown Butter Fig Tartlets, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 27733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Wrap a yardstick or ruler with aluminum foil and suspend it between two 28ounce cans.nSprinkle 12 cup of the shredded Cheddar on the baking sheet to form a circle 6 inches in diameter. Repeat with another 12 cup of cheese, making 2 circles. Bake the first batch until the cheese melts and turns light brown, 6 to 8 minutes.nUsing a spatula, transfer the cheese circles to the suspended yardstick and drape them over to form taco shells. Let them hang until firm, then carefully remove. Repeat with the remaining cheese.nFill the shells with your favorite taco fillings., ingredients: [2 cups finely shredded Cheddar], title: Cheddar Cheese Taco Shells, picturelink: Ybw4bDKzrdf2YX2nbtPtsxASmjpGHK}, 27734: {instructions: Core, and devein the chiles. Toast chiles in a heavy skillet over medium heat until the skin begins to blister and the aromas are released. Cover with 5 cups boiling water and set aside to cool. When cool puree with liquid until smooth and set aside. Season turkey legs and thighs with salt and pepper.nHeat vegetable oil in a large heavy bottomed casserole over moderate heat and brown turkey on all sides, lift out and set aside. Add the onion to the pan and saute 1012 minutes or until golden. Add garlic and saute a minute longer, then add peanuts and raisins for 1 minute, add chopped tomatillos and tortilla and cook 5 minutes or until soft.nIn a small dry saute pan over medium heat, toast anise seeds and coriander seeds. Pulverize in grinder or mortar along with the clove and peppercorns. In the same small dry saute pan over medium heat, toast sesame seeds until golden then add 12 to blender and reserve 12 for garnish.nPlace Sauteed vegetables in blender no need to wash the blender from pureeing the chiles and add spices, sesame seeds and stock. Puree until smooth.nCook pureed chiles in the same casserole over low heat using the residual fat for 810 minute stirring often. Add blender ingredients, chocolate and salt to taste. Add turkey pieces and simmer slowly, covered for 45 minutes or until tender. When cooled remove the skin and meat from the bones. Shred and reserve the turkey meat for the tamales., ingredients: [5 dry Mulaeto chiles, 3 dry Pasilla chiles, 2 dry Ancho chiles, 2 large turkey legs and thighs, washed and dried, Salt and pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 2 tablespoons skinless peanuts, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 4 tomatillos, peeled, cored, washed and chopped, 1 corn tortilla, lightly toasted over open flame, and broken into small pieces, 14 teaspoon anise seeds, 6 coriander seeds, 1 clove, 10 peppercorns, 12 cup sesame seeds, 12 cups chicken broth, 1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoons salt, 4 limes, cut in wedges for garnish], title: Turkey Mole, picturelink: null}, 27735: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the allpurpose flour, hazelnut flour and salt. Beat the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until creamy. Split the vanilla bean, scrape out the seeds using the back of a thin knife and add to the butter with the egg yolk. Beat until combined. Gradually mix in the flour mixture until just combined.nRoll the batter into a 12inch log, wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the log into 18 pieces and roll each piece into a crescent shape. Put the crescents on the lined baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Bake until the cookies are set and the bottoms and edges are browned, about 14 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar while warm, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup 110 grams allpurpose flour, 12 cup 40 grams hazelnut flour, Pinch fine salt, 7 tablespoons 100 grams unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons 40 grams granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 1 large egg yolk, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Vanilla Crescents, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 27736: {instructions: For the pastry cream: Boil the milk with the lemon zest. Take the pot off the heat and strain with a fine mesh strainer.nMix the superfine sugar, flour and eggs together. Then pour the boiled milk over the mixture. Return to the heat. Let the pastry cream thicken a few minutes while stirring continuously.nFor the souffle: Preheat the oven to 430 degrees F22 degrees C. Grease the souffle dishes. Then pour a little bit of sugar in and swirl, to coat the dishes.nBeat the egg whites with the superfine sugar until stiff peaks form. At the last moment add the potato starch. Add the liqueur to the pastry cream and slowly add in the egg whites. Fill the souffle dishes and place them immediately in the oven for 13 minutes.nAfter removing from the oven, immediately sprinkle the souffles with the confectioners sugar and serve straight away.nBon appetit, ingredients: [Pastry Cream:, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 12 ounces70 g superfine sugar, 2 13 ounces65 g allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, Souffle:, 23 ounce20 g unsalted butter, 6 18 ounces175 g superfine sugar, plus more for coating, 12 13 ounces350g egg whites from 4 eggs, 14 cup5 cl orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 23 ounce20 g potato starch, 13 ounce10g confectioners sugar], title: Grand Marnier Souffle, picturelink: null}, 27737: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add 2 sliced onions and 2 thyme sprigs. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the onions are lightly browned, about 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Sweet Onion Crepe Filling, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 27738: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend lemon sorbet on low speed and pour in vodka or lemon liqueur in a slow stream. Add prosecco or Champagne. Pour cocktails into a chilled martini glass and serve, garnished with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [4 scoops lemon sorbet, 2 ounces chilled vodka, citrus vodka or limoncello Italian lemon liqueur, 2 ounces prosecco or other sparkling wine or Champagne, 2 sprigs fresh mint], title: Champagne, Darling Freezes, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 27739: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, over mediumlow heat melt the butter. Cook the onions until soft and translucent, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in the garlic and tomato and Achiote paste and cook an additional 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the chicken stock, salt and black pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring and skimming frequently, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the vinegar and cook at end for 2 to 3 minutes. Puree in a blender or food processor. Store in refrigerator 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 tablespoons Achiote paste, crumbled, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper], title: Achiote Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27740: {instructions: Filling: Chop bacon into small pieces fry until crisp and drain off the fat. If adding onion, chop finely and cook with the bacon. Chop ham into small pieces. Combine ham with bacon mixture and grind in meat grinder or food processor. Cool in refrigerator. This may be done 2 to 3 days in advance. This mixture also freezes well.nDough: Heat milk in a saucepan. Add butter to melt. Add sugar and salt and cool. Dissolve yeast in 12 cup of this liquid until yeast is activated, about 5 minutes. Beat 5 eggs slightly and add to remaining milk and butter mixture blend and add to the yeast mixture. Add flour and use a dough hook to mix in a standing mixer for at least 5 minutes. Place in a greased bowl until doubled in size. Punch down and let rise until doubled again.nRoll out dough on a floured board to 18inch thickness. Use a 4inch round cutter or a clean tin can to cut the dough. In each circle place a lump of filling in the center, close the dough over, pinch all corners together, seal, and turn over so that seam is on bottom. Place on a baking sheet in rows. Let rise until doubled.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine egg yolk and water in a small bowl and brush over top. Bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [12pound lean bacon, 1 small onion, optional, 2 pounds ham, 2 cups milk, 12pound 2 sticks butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 package dry yeast, 5 eggs, 6 cups allpurpose flour, plus up to 1 cup more if dough seems really sticky, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water], title: Grampa Rays Bacon Buns, picturelink: null}, 27741: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer, beat the butter, sugar, egg yolk, and vanilla. Gradually mix in flour, then salt, and continue beating until well blended, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Transfer batter to a 9 by 13inch pan, and flatten out with a rubber spatula.nBake until slightly browned, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately place squares of white chocolate on top, gently spreading with an offset spatula or dull knife as they melt. Sprinkle with nuts and cranberries. Allow to set, about 15 minutes, and then cut into squares., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces white chocolate or milk chocolate, chopped into 1inch squares, 34 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup dried cranberries, coarsely chopped], title: Toffee Bars, picturelink: null}, 27742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 lollipop sticksnLine a small baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone mat. Set aside.nIn a food processor, combine the figs, almond butter and water. Blend until smooth, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed with a rubber spatula. Using a small icecream scoop, scoop 1 tablespoon of the fig mixture at a time and roll into 1 12inch balls. Insert a lollipop stick into each fig ball.nPlace the chocolate chips and 1 teaspoon of the oil in a medium bowl. Place the bowl over a small saucepan of barely simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes.nDrop the fig balls into the melted chocolate and, using a fork, roll to coat evenly. Remove the fig balls, allowing any excess chocolate to drip back into the bowl, and place on the baking sheet. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or until the chocolate has set.nUsing a small pair of scissors, cut the fruit leather into small squares to make noses for the cats and triangles for the ears. Dip the ends of the ears in the leftover dark chocolate and stick them on the cats. Repeat with the squares for the noses.nPlace the white chocolate and remaining 12 teaspoon of the oil in a medium bowl. Place the bowl over a small saucepan of barely simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Cool slightly. Transfer the chocolate to a piping bag fitted with a small plain tip. Pipe eyes and whiskers on the cats. Refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces about 24 dried Mission figs, stemmed and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon creamy unsalted almond butter, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup dark 53 cacao chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon coconut or grapeseed oil, plus 12 teaspoon, 2 ounces white chocolate, chopped, Orange food coloring, One 4inch piece of strawberry or raspberry fruit leather], title: Black Cat Pops, picturelink: tm0O7hSVv8IBfX.mmeV4WiJuB5Wl5Ta}, 27743: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Or bring a grillgrill pan sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle chicken with curry powder, salt, and black pepper. Evenly cut chicken into 12 strips, and thread each strip onto a skewer. Place the skewers on a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick spray, and bake in the oven until chicken is fully cooked, about 10 minutes. Or grill until cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. If using a grill pan, remove from heat and respray between batches.nMeanwhile, combine all sauce ingredients except yogurt in a small nonstick pot. Bring to mediumlow heat on the stove. Stirring constantly, cook until its hot and well mixed, about 5 minutes.nRemove sauce from the heat and let it cool slightly. Add the yogurt and stir until smooth and blended. Serve the sauce with chicken skewers, spoon it on, and EAT, ingredients: [12 ounces raw boneless skinless lean chicken breast, pounded to 12inch thickness, 18 teaspoon curry powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 dashes black pepper, 13 cup plain light soymilk, 2 tablespoons reducedfat peanut butter, room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon crushed garlic, 14 teaspoon dried minced onion, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup plain fatfree yogurt], title: HipHipHooray Chicken Satay, picturelink: Ejz9G8Zz.RGTu7lVHPHDCupbZWUDK}, 27744: {instructions: Core and cut each zucchini into 3 pieces. In a bowl mix together Mortadella, chicken, ricotta, Parmesan, egg, parsley, garlic, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Stuff the zucchini with the filling and put bread crumbs on both ends of the zucchini.nArrange the zucchini in a baking pan and sprinkle with celery, carrots, and onions. Crush the peeled tomatoes with your hands and place over the zucchini. Drizzle with olive oil. Cover with aluminum foil and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for an additional 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, 2 slices Mortadella, chopped, 12 pound breast of chicken, leftover or precooked, chopped, 2 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 ounces Parmesan, grated, 1 medium egg, Small bunch of Italian parsley, chopped together with 12 clove of garlic, Grated nutmeg to taste, Salt and pepper to taste, Bread crumbs, 1 celery stalk, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 3 peeled canned tomatoes], title: Zucchini Ripieni Stuffed Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 27745: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCoat the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Set aside.nIn a large pot, add enough water to fill 34 of the way, and then add the potatoes, garlic and a hefty pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and cook until a fork is easily inserted, but the potatoes still hold their form, about 20 minutes. Strain in a colander and place back over the empty pot, allowing the remaining heat to evaporate some of the moisture from the potatoes and garlic, just a few minutes. Mash the contents of the pot well, and then add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the heavy cream. Mash until smooth, but if you like it chunky, leave it chunky. Then stir in 1 cup pepper jack cheese and 14 cup Parmesan. Spoon into the prepared baking dish and spread evenly. Stir together the remaining 14 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons jack cheese and breadcrumbs. Sprinkle the mixture evenly over the top of the potatoes. Bake in the oven until the top is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, divided, 3 pounds purple new potatoes, halved, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, warmed, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons shredded pepper jack cheese, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, divided, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Baked Purple Mash, picturelink: muGnQMT5ajkxCmgPTvqAvZc0wVZ5kRC}, 27746: {instructions: Wash and dry the shoots and mint, place in a large bowl.nIn a mason jar, combine the mustard, water, lemon juice, oil, creme fraiche, sugar, salt, and pepper. Put the cap on and shake vigorously to emulsify. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the greens and toss well to coat. Serve immediately. Store any remaining vinaigrette in the jar in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 pints sunflower shoots or 12 pound mixed baby greens, 1 handful fresh mint, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon hot water, 1 lemon, juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 heaping tablespoon creme fraiche, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spring Green Salad with Creamy Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 27747: {}, 27748: {instructions: Place the sugar, salt, olive oil, water, 1 cup of flour, yeast, and remaining cup of flour into the mixers work bowl.nUsing the paddle attachment, start the mixer on low and mix until the dough just comes together, forming a ball. Lube the hook attachment with cooking spray. Attach the hook to the mixer and knead for 15 minutes on medium speed.nTear off a small piece of dough and flatten into a disc. Stretch the dough until thin. Hold it up to the light and look to see if the bakers windowpane, or taut membrane, has formed. If the dough tears before it forms, knead the dough for an additional 5 to 10 minutes.nRoll the pizza dough into a smooth ball on the countertop. Place into a stainless steel or glass bowl. Add 2 teaspoons of olive oil to the bowl and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 18 to 24 hours.nPlace the pizza stone or tile onto the bottom of a cold oven and turn the oven to its highest temperature, about 500 degrees F. If the oven has coils on the oven floor, place the tile onto the lowest rack of the oven.nSplit the pizza dough into 2 equal parts using a knife or a dough scraper. Flatten into a disk onto the countertop and then fold the dough into a ball.nWet hands barely with water and rub them onto the countertop to dampen the surface. Roll the dough on the surface until it tightens. Cover one ball with a tea towel and rest for 30 minutes.nRepeat the steps with the other piece of dough. If not baking the remaining pizza immediately, spray the inside of a ziptop bag with cooking spray and place the dough ball into the bag. Refrigerate for up to 6 days.nSprinkle the flour onto the peel and place the dough onto the peel. Using your hands, form a lip around the edges of the pizza. Stretch the dough into a round disc, rotating after each stretch. Toss the dough in the air if you dare. Shake the pizza on the peel to be sure that it will slide onto the pizza stone or tile. Dress and bake the pizza immediately for a crisp crust or rest the dough for 30 minutes if you want a chewy texture.nBrush the rim of the pizza with olive oil. Spread the pizza sauce evenly onto the pizza. Sprinkle the herbs onto the pizza and top with the cheese.nSlide the pizza onto the tile and bake for 7 minutes, or until bubbly and golden brown. Rest for 3 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon pure olive oil, 34 cup warm water, 2 cups bread flour for bread machines, 1 teaspoon instant yeast, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Olive oil, for the pizza crust, Flour, for dusting the pizza peel, 1 12 ounces pizza sauce, 12 teaspoon each chopped fresh herbs such as thyme, oregano, red pepper flakes, for example, A combination of 3 grated cheeses such as mozzarella, Monterey Jack, and provolone], title: Pizza Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 27749: {instructions: Mash 34 cup pesto into 4 tablespoons softened butter., ingredients: [], title: Pesto Butter, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 27750: {instructions: For the ravioli:nIn a blender, puree together the beans, egg, vinaigrette, cheese, and Italian seasoning set aside.nWorking in batches, so the wrappers dont dry out, lay out 6 to 8 wonton wrappers. Place 12 tablespoon of bean mixture in the center of each. Moisten 2 connecting edges of the wonton wrapper with your finger dipped in water.nFold wrapper in half to form a triangle. Press edges together to seal. Repeat with remaining wonton wrappers and filling.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a low boil.nFor the sauce:nMelt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook until it begins to brown and have a nutty aroma. Turn off heat and stir in capers and Italian seasoning.nWorking in batches, cook ravioli in boiling salted water until just tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer ravioli to hot butter sauce. Add parsley to pan. Use a spoon to coat ravioli with sauce. Transfer to plates and add salt.nServe immediately garnished with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 15ounce can cannellini beans, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinaigrette, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick, 24 wonton wrappers recommended: Dynasty, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick, 1 tablespoon freshly minced parsley leaves, Salt, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving], title: White Bean Ravioli with Brown Butter and Caper Sauce, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 27751: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix flour, chile powder and sesame seeds. Whisk in soda water until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. In one hand, grab one crab, 3 asparagus and 2 onions rings and completely coat in the batter. Lightly drop in 350 degree oil and fry for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Season with salt and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining crabs, asparagus and onion.nIn a food processor, puree everything together until smooth. Check for seasoning. Toss the salad lightly with the vinaigrette.nPLATING On a large plate, drizzle some remaining vinaigrette. Place a small mound of salad and top with the tempura crab sliced in half., ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 2 tablespoons raw sesame seeds, 1 quart cold soda water, 4 cleaned soft shell crabs, primes or hotels, 12 medium, peeled asparagus, 1 maui onion cut into thick 12inch rings, 1 large, peeled and rough chopped maui onion wallawalla or vidalia would work, 13 cup yuzu or ponzu or rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, 4 cups salad mix containing mizuna and tatsoi], title: Tempura Soft Shell Crab and Asparagus with YuzuMaui Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 27752: {instructions: nShake all ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker., ingredients: [1 14 ounces kahlua, 1 14 ounces dark creme de cocoa, 12ounce vanilla vodka], title: Chocolatini, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 27753: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until cooked. Add the wine and reduce it by half, then add the plum tomatoes, oregano and parsley. Add the mussels to the pan and allow to cook for about 10 minutes until all the mussels are open. Transfer mussels to a platter. Discard any mussels that do not open.nYou can mound some pasta in the center of the plate surrounded by the mussels or have some bruschetta handy for dipping into the sauce.nAdjust the seasoning for the sauce with salt and pepper, as necessary. Coat the mussels with the sauce and sprinkle with fresh chopped basil just before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons light oil or olive oil, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup white wine, 2 to 3 cans chopped plum tomatoes 32 to 48 ounces total, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley leaves, 4 pounds fresh mussels, debearded, scrubbed and rinsed, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil leaves, Pasta, as an accompaniment, or bruschetta for dipping], title: Mussels Marinara, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 27754: {instructions: Special equipment: Gingerbread women and men cookie cutters Green, yellow, red, blue, and black food coloring Small offset spatulas Gold and silver dragees Edible glitter Colored sprinkles Small paint brush Pastry bags with couplers Pastry tip sizes 1, 2, 3, 101, and 46 White and yellow nonpareils White, yellow, red, and green sanding sugar Multicolored minijawbreakers about 14inch round Piping gelnMake the Cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the brown sugar, shortening, and corn syrup in a saucepan and heat on medium, stirring constantly until the shortening is melted. Put all of the dry ingredients in a large bowl then add the warm sugar mixture, stirring until all of the ingredients are well blended. The dough will appear crumbly but will hold together when rolled out. Use the dough immediately, while it is still warm. If it starts to crumble, place it in a warm oven for 1 to 2 minutes until it softens a bit.nTo make decorated cutout cookies Roll out the dough to about 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Cut out gingerbread women and men with cookie cutters. Place the cookies on foillined cookie sheets and bake until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cool the cookies on racks before decorating.nTo decorate, tint a recipe of royal icing to your desired colors. Keep the icing covered with a damp towel while you are working to prevent it from drying out. To cover a cookie with icing, thin some of the icing with a little water and spread it on the cookie with a knife or metal spatula. Leave some of the icing thick for piping borders or other designs, using the 2 tip. Add dragees, edible glitter, colored sprinkles, or other decorations to the wet icing. To attach candies to uniced cookies, brush a thin layer of clear piping gel on the cookie with a small paintbrush and add decorations.nRoyal icing is very versatile. It is pure white and dries very hard, so it is perfect for making flowers and bows and delicate piped work. It can be kept in an airtight container at room temperature for 2 weeks. You should stir the icing to restore its original consistency after storage, but do not rebeat. Royal icing does not work well in high humidity.nPlace all of the ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat slowly until they are all blended. Then beat at medium speed until the icing forms stiff peaks, about 5 minutes. Add more sugar if the icing is not stiff enough, or a few drops of water if it is too stiff. Use immediately or cover the bowl with a damp cloth to prevent drying when not in use. Allow at least 24 hours for royal icing decorations to dry, at room temperature.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup corn syrup light or dark, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon allspice, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons meringue powder found in cake decorating stores, 12 cup minus 2 tablespoons water, OR, 2 egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons water, 1 pound confectioners sugar], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 27755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken breasts side by side on a cutting board and lay a piece of plastic wrap over them pound with a flat meat mallet, until they are about 14inch thick. Put some flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper mix with a fork to distribute evenly.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh flame in a large skillet. When the oil is nice and hot, dredge both sides of the chicken cutlets in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess. Slip the cutlets into the pan and fry for 5 minutes on each side until golden, turning once u2013 do this in batches if the pieces dont fit comfortably in the pan. Remove the chicken to a large platter in a single layer to keep warm.nLower the heat to medium and add the prosciutto to the drippings in the pan, saute for 1 minute to render out some of the fat. Now, add the mushrooms and saute until they are nicely browned and their moisture has evaporated, about 5 minutes season with salt and pepper. Pour the Marsala in the pan and boil down for a few seconds to cook out the alcohol. Add the chicken stock and simmer for a minute to reduce the sauce slightly. Stir in the butter and return the chicken to the pan simmer gently for 1 minute to heat the chicken through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless, chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 8 ounces crimini or porcini mushrooms, stemmed and halved, 12 cup sweet Marsala wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Marsala, picturelink: lKMgv.SswtKZegu0t7WpW6ZF0y9icZW}, 27756: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the milk, yogurt, and honey. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. When ready to serve, peel and seed the melons and cut into 1inch cubes. Combine them in a bowl, toss lightly, and divide the mixture among dessert bowls preferably glass, so that you can see the melon colors. Drizzle yogurt sauce on top of the fruit. Sprinkle each serving with about 2 teaspoons brown sugar and serve with lime wedges to squeeze over the fruit at the table., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 1 cup goodquality yogurt, preferably not fatfree, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 cantaloupe or another orange melon, such as Crenshaw, Charentais, or Cavaillon, 12 green honeydew melon, 12 small watermelon, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 or 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Many Melon Salad with Yogurt Sauce and Lime, picturelink: null}, 27757: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nGenerously salt and pepper ribs. Lay out ribs in a single layer, in roasting pan. Cook ribs for 3 hours, turning once midway through cooking time. Remove from oven and cool slightly. Pour off any fat from bottom of pan. When meat is cool enough to handle cut slabs into individual ribs.nWhile ribs are cooking, saute onion and garlic in olive oil in a large stockpot, until soft. Add remaining ingredients, except molasses and guava pastejelly and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, reducing liquid by half, approximately 1 hour. Sauce should be thick, but still loose enough to pour. Add molasses and guava to sauce and continue reducing for 10 to 15 minutes until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. If sauce becomes too thick, thin with extra guava nectar andor beer. Season with salt and pepper.nCoat ribs generously with sauce in roasting pan. Continue cooking ribs for 1 hour more, or until rib meat is soft and easily pulled from bone. Sauce will thicken and darken on ribs, so be sure to turn darker ribs over. Before serving, brush ribs with additional sauce and serve extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [10 pounds pork ribs, either baby back, Louisiana cut, or spare ribs, 1 diced sweet yellow onion Texas, Vidalia, Maui, etc, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 ounces beer, 12 cup guava nectar, 12 tablespoon hickory liquid smoke, 14 cup crushed tomatoes, 1 whole canned chipotle pepper, with 1 tablespoon adobo sauce from can, 14 cup distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 14 cup molasses, 13 cup guava jelly, or 14 cup guava paste, Salt and pepper], title: Guava Chipotle Ribs, picturelink: null}, 27758: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the scallions, onions and tomato. Cook until the onions are soft and golden and the tomatoes have broken down, about 10 minutes, stirring often. Add cilantro, and salt and pepper.nTransfer to a bowl. Use warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 scallions, white and light green part only, finely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 large tomato, cored and chopped, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Basic Sofrito, picturelink: null}, 27759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet an oven rack on the bottom position and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a pan with the garlic and bring to a simmer. Brush the garlic butter over the bread, lay slices of the mozzarella on top and sprinkle with the chopped parsley.nPut the bread onto a baking sheet and cook on the bottom rack for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 loaf French bread, cut in half lengthways, Two 6ounce balls fresh mozzarella, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Garlic Cheese Bread Sticks, picturelink: tBXMCPMK4RTijpJFm0x5RkMUrEB4YGe}, 27760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the peas, sundried tomatoes, and garlic in a food processor. Pulse the machine until the peas and tomatoes are finely chopped. Add the olive oil and pulse until the olive oil is incorporated and the mixture is minced but not yet pureed. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in the salt and pepper.nServe as a dip with the endive spears alongside., ingredients: [1 pound frozen peas, thawed, 8 ounces sundried tomatoes, drained about 34 cup, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 heads endive, ends trimmed and leaves separated], title: Sundried Tomato and Peas on Endive Spears, picturelink: k4gaDo82pvSOrkv29NeKKioIix.Guke}, 27761: {instructions: Trim the a thin slice off the side of the whole, unpeeled onion. Set the onion flat on the cut surface for stability. Cut the onion into 4 1inch thick slices. Remove the outer ring of skin from each slice. Drizzle the sliced onion with light colored oil and season both sides with steak seasoning or salt and pepper, to taste. Grill on hot grill or on a nonstick griddle for 5 to 7 minutes on each side until onion is tender and has begun to caramelize., ingredients: [1 large red onion, Light colored oil such as peanut, vegetable or canola, for drizzling, Steak seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper], title: Grilled Red Onions, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 27762: {instructions: In a blender, combine ice cream, vodka, and lemon liqueur until completely blended. Divide between 2 glasses and fill the glasses with the sparkling wine. Garnish each glass with sliced lemon., ingredients: [1 cup vanilla ice cream, 14 cup lemon vodka, 14 cup lemon liqueur, 14 cup sparkling white wine, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Scropino, picturelink: null}, 27763: {instructions: Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and spread each slice with 12 teaspoon mayonnaise.nHeat a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Place half 12 of the bread slices, mayonnaiseside down, in the pan and toast until browned, about 3 minutes. Return the toasted bread to the baking sheet, toasted side down, and spread 1 teaspoon mustard on each of the untoasted sides.nFold each slice of ham into thirds, as if folding a letter, then cut in half to yield 12 squares. Place the ham squares on top of the mustard.nPreheat the broiler to high.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until combined cook until light brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisking constantly, slowly add the milk and cook until the sauce thickens, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the salt and nutmeg. Add 1 cup shredded Gruyere whisk until melted and the sauce is smooth, about 1 minute. Remove the Mornay sauce from the heat, spoon 1 tablespoon over each square of ham, and then top with 1 teaspoon of the remaining cheese.nBroil for 1 minute to melt the cheese and toast the remaining 12 slices of bread these are the tops of your sandwiches. Remove from the oven. Top the sandwiches with the toasted bread and serve., ingredients: [1 French baguette, sliced 14inch thick 24 slices, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup countrystyle Dijon mustard, 6 slices Black Forest ham, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, One 6ounce block Gruyere cheese, shredded], title: Petite Croque Monsieurs, picturelink: lmeQQlphaqIUkQP2HfsiTK2xTktIPK}, 27764: {instructions: Cook the pasta in plenty of boiling, salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente, or firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Before draining, ladle out 12 cup of the boiling cooking water and reserve.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion and garlic cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the zucchini and yellow squash and cook, stirring, over mediumlow heat just until wilted, about 3 minutes.nToss the pasta with the zucchini mixture and stir in the basil, mint, reserved cooking water and 1 tablespoon of the cheese. Spoon onto plates, and serve with a light sprinkling of cheese over each serving., ingredients: [12 ounces farfalle butterflyshaped pasta also called bow ties, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil or unsalted butter, 1 scallion, trimmed, thinly sliced, 12 garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 small zucchini, scrubbed, trimmed, very thinly sliced, 1 small yellow squash, scrubbed, trimmed, very thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon grated ParmigianoReggiano or Pecorino Romano, plus more for topping], title: Farfalle with Zucchini, Yellow Squash and Mint, picturelink: null}, 27765: {instructions: Heat a griddle or use a sandwich press or castiron skillet to very hot. Spread the mustard and sour cream on the top halves. On the bottom halves layer the roasted pepper, mushrooms, spinach, olives, cheese and pickle. Cover with the top halves, and wrap each sandwich tightly in aluminum foil. Place these sandwiches on the griddle or skillet, and then place a heavy skillet on top try to distribute the weight evenly over the sandwiches. You can even use a brick to do this Cook 3 to 5 minutes, pressing down occasionally to flatten the sandwiches. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 8inch long pieces French bread, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Chipotle nonfat sour cream, 1 roasted red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 4 oyster mushrooms, marinated and cooked Sauteed, 1 handful lightly sauteed spinach, 2 teaspoons nicoise olives, pitted and thinly sliced, 4 thin slices lowfat white cheddar cheese, 1 dill pickle thinly sliced lengthwise into long, fat broad slices], title: Vegetarian Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 27766: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the slaw:nWhisk together the lime juice and sugar in a mediumsized bowl to dissolve the sugar. Add the pear and carrot and toss to coat. Cover and chill until serving time.nFor the pesto:nPlace all of the ingredients except the tomatoes in a small food processor process briefly until the mixture forms a coarse paste. Transfer to a small bowl and gently stir in the tomatoes. Cover and set aside.nFor the patties:nCombine the coconut milk, lime zest, and lime juice in a 10inch fireproof skillet. Place the skillet on the grill rack and bring the mixture to a simmer. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and reduced to 23 cup, about 15 minutes. Add the curry paste to the mixture and whisk until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl to cool.nPlace the chicken in a large mixing bowl. Add the cooled coconut milk mixture, basil, panko and salt. Using a large fork, mix the ingredients together gently but thoroughly. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the buns, making a slight indentation in the center of each patty.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook for 4 minutes. Flip the patties, cover, and cook an additional 4 minutes, or until the juices run clear from the center of the patties when pierced. During the last few minutes of cooking, arrange the buns, cut side down, around the edges of the grill to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers:nDistribute an equal amount of the slaw on the bottom buns. Top each with a patty and a dollop of the pesto. Add the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 Asian pear, peeled and cut into thin matchsticks, 1 medium carrot, peeled and cut into thin matchsticks, 12 cup roasted and salted peanuts, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 tablespoons roasted peanut oil, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 13 cup quartered cherry tomatoes, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 lime, zest grated, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Thai red curry paste, 2 pounds coarsely ground chicken thighs, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons sea salt, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 seeded hamburger buns, split], title: Coconut Basil Chicken Burgers with Thai Peanut Pesto, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 27767: {instructions: Peel and roughly chop 3 pounds celery root. Place in a pot and cover with equal parts milk and water about 2 12 cups each add a pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until soft, 20 to 25 minutes drain. Puree with 13 cup heavy cream and 2 tablespoons butter. Season with salt, then add 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard and pulse to combine.nTIP: Use a food processor or immersion blender to puree these veggiestheyre too fibrous for a potato masher.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Celery Root Mash, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 27768: {instructions: Add bitters and prosecco into a champagne flute. Drop in sugar cube. Mixture will sparkle and fizz., ingredients: [3 dashes of Angostura Bitters or more if desired, 12 cup chilled Prosecco, 1 sugar cube], title: Prosecco Sparkler, picturelink: null}, 27769: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil. Season water with salt to taste optional.nIn a large skillet, gently saute chopped onions in olive oil for five minutes over medium heat.nMeanwhile dice the peppers into 12 inch squares, add to the skillet and saute for three minutes over medium heat.nSeason with salt, pepper and add the broth. Keep cooking until sauce is reduced.nMeanwhile cook pasta according to package directions, drain and toss with the sauce.nStir in chopped basil and cheese before serving.n2011 Barilla. All Rights reserved., ingredients: [1 box Piccolini Rich in Fiber  White Mini Penne, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 1 cup vegetarian broth, 6 leaves fresh basil, chopped fine, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano cheese, grated, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Mini Penne with Sweet Peppers and ParmigianoReggiano, picturelink: SnjZpvx1VeQNnMKVHjxZLlsIXpknYC6}, 27770: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine cheese wedges, zucchini, chopped mushroom stems, onion, garlic, salt, and thyme. Add pepper, to taste. Mix until smooth. Set aside.nLay a large piece of heavyduty foil on a baking sheet. Lightly spray both sides of the mushroom caps with olive oil nonstick spray, and place next to each other on the foil with the rounded sides down. Spoon veggiecheese mixture into the mushroom capsthere will be a lot, so pack it innSprinkle with grated topping.nPlace another large piece of foil over the caps. Fold together and seal all four edges of the two foil pieces, forming a wellsealed packet.nPlace the baking sheet in the oven and bake for 23 to 25 minutes, until mushrooms are tender.nAllow the packet to cool for a few minutes, and then cut it to release steam before opening it entirely. Carefulsteam will be hot.nIf you like, season with additional salt and thyme, to taste. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, room temperature, 1 zucchini, ends removed, finely diced, 2 large portabella mushrooms, stems chopped and reserved, 1 teaspoon finely chopped onion, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 18 teaspoon salt, Dash ground thyme, Black pepper, 12 tablespoon reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping], title: Stuffed n Squashed Mushroom Foil Pack, picturelink: 5rjIWZ64F8qLkE4h9aknH4s7NUSajr2}, 27771: {instructions: Cut the hot dogs into thin slices about 8 worms per hot dog. Boil or microwave the hot dog slices until the slices curl like worms. Serve cooked worms on a bun and add ketchup., ingredients: [1 hot dog, per guest, 1 hamburger roll, per guest, Ketchup], title: Worms on a Bun, picturelink: null}, 27772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFrittata: In a nonstick 10inch skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown and crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes.nWhile the pancetta is cooking, in a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, whipping cream, salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture over the cooked pancetta and stir once to incorporate. Cook the egg mixture, without stirring, until the eggs are almost set and the bottom is golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Slide the frittata onto a dinner plate and invert back into the skillet until cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes longer. Transfer the frittata to a cutting board and cut into 4 wedges.nMayonnaise: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise and chives until smooth.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Divide the mayonnaise mixture and spread it evenly over 1 side of each bread slice. Arrange the arugula, a slice of cheese and 2 tomato slices on 4 of the bread slices. Lay the frittata wedges on top of the tomatoes. Cover with the remaining bread slices and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, diced, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup whipping cream, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 8 12inchthick slices rosemaryolive bread, 2 cups arugula, 4 slices provolone cheese, 8 slices tomato, about 2 medium tomatoes], title: Italian Club Sandwiches, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 27773: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grate 1 12 teaspoons zest and squeeze 1 tablespoon juice from the lemon. Stir the lemon zest, lemon juice, soup, rosemary, thyme and garlic in a medium bowl. Reserve 1 cup soup mixture for the gravy. Place the chicken into a shallow roasting pan. Roast the chicken for 20 minutes. Brush the chicken with 14 cup soup mixture. Roast for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. Remove the chicken to a serving platter and keep warm. Spoon off any fat from the pan juices. Stir the wine in the roasting pan and heat over mediumhigh heat to a boil, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the reserved soup mixture and water and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Serve the gravy with the chicken., ingredients: [1 lemon, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves or 1 teaspoon dried rosemary leaves, crushed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 roasting chicken 5 to 7 pounds, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup water], title: LemonHerb Roast Chicken with Pan Gravy, picturelink: tXg4FT.tQFhFPpDSf56mUxavyuNfu}, 27774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the beef, garlic, beaten eggs, and salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the meat mixture into 6 round even patties. Press 1ounce of blue cheese and 1ounce of the cold butter into the center of the formed patty. Remold the patty so that all the cheese and butter are hidden inside the center. Continue until all the beef patties have been formed. Refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes.nPour the oil into a large skillet over mediumhigh. When the oil is smoking, add the beef patties and cook on both sides until golden brown. Remove to a sheet pan and roast in the preheated oven until desired doneness is reached, about 6 minutes. Cooks Note: They can be also cooked on a charcoal grill.nWarm the buns slightly, then put the burgers on the buns and top each with lettuce, tomato and an onion ring. Enjoy. You can, if you wish, use mayonnaise, ketchup or mustard to enhance this dish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck beef, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 6 ounces unsalted cold butter, cut into small cubes, divided, 14 cup canola oil, for frying, 6 large potato rolls, or rolls of choice, Iceberg lettuce, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced into rings, Mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise, optional], title: Blue Cheese Hamburgers, picturelink: null}, 27775: {instructions: Blend the almond milk, kale, almond butter, banana, dates if using and 3 ice cubes in a blender on low speed until everything begins to combine. Raise the setting to high and blend until everything is well combined and the smoothie begins to have a creamy consistency. Taste if you like it colder, add more ice cubes and continue to blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup unsweetened almond milk, 1 packed cup or 1 big handful kale, 2 tablespoons almond butter or peanut butter, 1 large banana, preferably frozen peel before freezing, 1 to 2 dates, optional], title: Green Dream Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 27776: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, the juice of 12 lemon, 1 grated garlic clove, 14 cup chopped parsley and 12 teaspoon kosher salt in a bowl season with pepper. Thinly slice 2 green bell peppers and cut 3 plum tomatoes into wedges toss with the dressing.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Bell PepperTomato Salad, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 27777: {instructions: Soak the couscous in cold water for 10 minutes to loosen the grains. Then steam over a saucepan of boiling water or stock for a further 5 minutes. This prevents the couscous from getting sticky and lumpy.nMeanwhile burn the outside of the pepper over a naked gas flame. When the skin is black place pepper into plastic bag and seal. Rub from the outside to remove all the pepper skin.nRoast the aubergine and zucchini in a preheated 220 degrees F oven.nWhen all vegetables are ready finely chop them up and mix into the couscous. Add salt, tumeric, cumin, and black pepper, to taste. Steam for a further 5 minutes. Garnish with sliced tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces couscous not instant, 1 large red or green pepper, 1 large eggplant sliced 14inch thick, 1 large zucchini, sliced 14 inch thick, Salt, Turmeric, Cumin, Black pepper, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Couscous with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 27778: {instructions: Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium heat and sweat onions and garlic. Add rum, bring to a boil and reduce to 14 cup. Add stock, bring to a boil and reduce heat. Whisk in ancho puree, molasses and pepper and simmer until reduced to 1 cup. Preheat grill. Season steaks on both sides with salt. Cook for 23 minutes on each side until mediumrare., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup Myers dark rum, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons ancho puree, 14 cup molasses, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 4 filet mignon steaks, 8 ounces each, Salt, to taste], title: Pan Sauteed Filet of Beef with Spicy RumBlack Pepper Glaze and Wild Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 27779: {instructions: Using a paring knife, remove divot from bottom side of each tomato. In a food processor, combine cilantro leaves, garlic, nuts and Parmesan and process. Add mayonnaise and process until smooth. Fill a small plastic baggy with cilantro mixture and snip off 1 corner of the bag. Fill each tomato by squeezing bag. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 dozen cherry tomatoes, washed with stems removed, 2 bunches cilantro leaves, washed and dried, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup toasted pinenuts or walnuts, 12 cup Parmesan, 1 cup mayonnais], title: Stuffed Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 27780: {instructions: Peel and devein shrimp. Place in bowl with jalapeno, juice of 12 a lime and olive oil. Toss to coat and let sit for 15 minutes. In separate bowl combine cilantro, avocado, red pepper, and onion. Add juice of 1 lime, cayenne and salt. Toss to coat. Cook off shrimp on grill or on stove top in a skillet. Add shrimp to salad and toss to coat. Serve on bed of lettuce., ingredients: [1 lb shrimp, 12 red pepper diced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 12 red onion, diced, 1  12 lime, cayenne, 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, fresh cilantro, lettuce, 1 avocado, diced], title: Spicy Grilled Shrimp Salad, picturelink: null}, 27781: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil on high heat, and saute the mushrooms, shallots, and garlic until softened and starting to brown. Deglaze the pan with the Worcestershire sauce, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Then add the veal jus or beef stock. Cook for 5 minutes and remove from the heat.nServe on top of any steak., ingredients: [2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound crimini mushrooms, sliced thinly, 8 shallots, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 14 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 14 ounces veal jus or beef stock], title: Mushroom and Worcestershire Sauce Glaze for Steak, picturelink: kACLibB0Pkj1TcXErDrPjviFMPCZ6}, 27782: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the beef, water, tomato paste, sugar, vinegar, chipotle pepper, cumin, salt and black pepper in stockpot. Cover and bake in 325 degrees F oven 1 34 to 2 14 hours or until beef is forktender.nMeanwhile, cut squash lengthwise into quarters and remove seeds. Place squash cut side down in a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish, overlapping if necessary. Add water. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 14 hours or until forktender.nPlace each baked squash quarter onto serving plate. Fill with equal amounts of beef mixture. Top with tomato and avocado, if desired. Sprinkle with cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef for stew, 13 cup water, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons ground chipotle chile pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 medium butternut squash, about 3 pounds, 1 12 cups water, 1 medium tomato, chopped, 1 small ripe avocado, cut into cubes, optional, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Nuevo Chipotle Beef in Butternut Squash Boats Nuevo Latino Beef Dishes, picturelink: null}, 27783: {instructions: Mix soy sauce, mirin, 1 teaspoon of the sesame oil, garlic, ginger, sugar, vinegar, and chile paste in a small bowl.nHeat the broth in a medium saucepan. Add the soy sauce mixture, the chicken, and the vegetables and bring to a boil. Simmer for two minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil. Taste and adjust seasonings.nPour over prepared Chinese noodles. Garnish with cilantro and scallions., ingredients: [4 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon Vietnamese chile paste, 8 cups chicken broth, 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut crosswise into thin strips, 4 cups chopped Chinese vegetables or Napa cabbage, 1 5ounce package rice noodles, prepared according to packing directions, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 scallions, thinly sliced on the bias], title: Asian Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 27784: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFill a deep, heavy pot halfway with vegetable oil or use a deep fryer and heat the oil to 360 degrees F.nPut the Buffalo sauce, sweet chili sauce, honey and butter in a saucepan and bring to a simmer simmer for 10 minutes. Toss the chicken in the sauce, season with salt and pepper and set aside to cool slightly, about 10 minutes.nWhisk together the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl for the egg wash and set aside.nTake a wonton wrapper cover the rest with a damp towel and put a small amount of the chicken mixtureabout 2 level tablespoonsin the middle of it. Add a few pieces of blue cheese crumbles, being careful not to go too far outside of the middle of the wontonwe dont want the cheese to ooze out when frying. Next, brush all 4 corners with the egg wash, then seal the corners by pinching each opposite corner together to make that famous wonton shape make sure there are no holes for the filling to leak out. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nNow in the fryer they go Fry the wontons in batches until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes total. Drain briefly on a rack or paper towellined plate. Serve hot with carrot sticks, celery sticks and ranch dressing., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup Buffalo wing sauce, 14 cup sweet chili sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped or shredded rotisserie chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, 13 cup blue cheese crumbles, 10 to 12 square wonton wrappers, Carrot sticks, celery sticks and ranch dressing, for serving], title: Buffalo Chicken Wontons, picturelink: null}, 27785: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line mini muffin tins with paper cups. In a mixer with a whip attachment, mix together the peanut butter, egg, and sugars until smooth. Add milk in 3 additions, mixing well each time. Stir the flour, baking powder, and salt together and add to the peanut butter mixture. Mix on low just until the flour disappears. Stir in the chocolate chips. Spoon into muffin cups filling 34 full a small ice cream scoop works well for this and bake until puffed up and firm on top, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cool in the pan.nSome people have allergies to peanuts, and if serving to guests, please make them aware of the inclusion of this peanut product., ingredients: [1 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 egg, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 cup milk, 1 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Mini Chocolate Chip Muffins, picturelink: vD56j8Epql3ktOTWZXvVMv8IXt4O}, 27786: {instructions: Special equipment: White glue or a hotglue gunnMake a label for the bride and groom on piece of colored card stock design it on a computer or write it by hand.nPlace a cold pack in the bottom of the box, and cover it with a dinner napkin. Allow it to drape over the sides.nPut loose snacks, such as cookies, chocolate truffles, and fruit, in the paper candy and muffin cups. Bundle snacks in glassine secure with twine. Roll the 2 cocktail napkins, and tie with twine or tape.nFirst place caviar on top of the cold pack, then arrange the other snacks around the tin. Fold the napkin over the contents, and secure with adhesive label or tape.nLay a 1yardlength of ribbon across the center of the lid widthwise leave about 10 inches on 1 side and the remainder hanging off the other side. Glue ribbon down in a few places. Place label in the center of the box lid, over the ribbon, and glue in place. Allow glue to dry.nPlace lid on box. Bring ribbon underneath the box, and tie in a bow on 1 side the bow will be on the front side of the box rather than the top. Keep refrigerated until the bride and groom arrive., ingredients: [Colored card stock, Cold pack, Wooden box with a lid, 1 cloth dinner napkin, Assorted snacks, such as a tin of caviar with a caviar spoon, toasts, cheese straws, cookies, chocolate truffles, Champagne grapes, or other fruit, Paper candy and muffin cups, Parchment paper or glassine, Ribbon, twine, or cording, 2 cloth cocktail napkins, Adhesive label or tape, White glue or a hotglue gun], title: Midnight Snack for the Newlyweds, picturelink: null}, 27787: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place endives in a stainless steel pot. Combine water, sugar, lemon juice with endives. Cover with a napkin or dish towel and bring to a boil. Simmer 20 minutes and remove endives. Strain cooking liquid and reserve. Let endives cool and cut into quarters lengthwise. Set aside. Heat a medium saute pan until very hot and add 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Season scallops with salt and pepper and quickly sear scallops for 3 minutes. Turn the scallops over and cook for 1 minute more. Remove. In another saute pan, add butter and let brown. Add balsamic vinegar, endive juice, salt, pepper, chopped herbs, and diced tomatoes. On 6 dinner plate, fan out 4 pieces of endives. Warm plates in oven for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove plates form oven and place scallops over endive and lightly nap with sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large Belgian endives, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 lemon juiced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 18 U10 large Maine sea scallops, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons cooking liquid from endives, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon chopped Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 teaspoon diced tomatoes], title: Diver Sea Scallops with Braised Endives and a Brown Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27788: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a mediumlarge skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil. Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper, and lay the pieces in the pan roundedside down first the side that had the skin. Cook the chicken, turning only once, until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to an ovenproof dish, reserving the skillet. Place the chicken to the oven and bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken registers 170 to 75 degrees F, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour the vermouth into the reserved skillet, scraping up any browned bits that cling to the pan with a wooden spoon, and cook over medium heat until the liquid reduces by about half. Add the chicken broth and continue to cook until slightly thickened.nIn a small bowl whisk a teaspoon or so of cold water with the cornstarch, then whisk the mixture into the broth and bring to a full boil. Remove from heat and add the zest, lemon juice, and tarragon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the chicken from the oven. Pour any pan drippings from the chicken into the sauce and stir to combine. Divide the chicken pieces between 4 plates. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 skinless chicken legs, skin removed about 2 14 pounds, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry white vermouth, 1 cup chicken broth, lowsodium canned, or homemade, 1 teaspoon cold water, more if needed, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves], title: Tarragon Chicken with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 27789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut avocados in half around the pit. Separate the halves. Pop out pit with spoon, then scoop flesh of avocados into a bowl. Squeeze the juice of a lemon over the avocados. Squeeze the juice with the lemon halves facing cutside up, allowing the juice to spill down over the sides of the lemon into the bowl. This method keeps the seeds in the lemon and out of the guacamole. Add garlic, jalapeno, tomato, onion and salt to the bowl. Mash and mix the ingredients into a chunky dip using a fork. Serve with blue corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 ripe small Hass avocados, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped, 12 small yellow skinned onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, Blue corn tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Garlicky Holy Guacamole, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 27790: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a sheet tray lay out the slices of bread and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Turn each piece over and drizzle again so both sides have some oil on them. Toast in the hot oven for 1 to 2 minutes until slightly crispy but without color. While it is still hot, gently rub each slice on one side with a garlic clove then set aside.nLayer each slice of toast with 2 to 3 slices of goat cheese, a twisted piece of prosciutto and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Put tray of bruschetta back into the oven and heat until cheese is melted, prosciutto is crispy and bread is golden brown, about 2 minutes.nPlace the lentils in a large saucepan and cover with 2 times the amount of water. Add thyme sprig and season with salt. Bring to a simmer and cook for 12 to 15 minutes until they are soft and tender. They should not be falling apart. Salt, to taste, then drain any remaining liquid. Set aside.nMake the honey balsamic vinaigrette by combining the vinegar and honey while you drizzle in the 14 cup olive oil whisking to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nIn a large saute pan heat a 2 count amount of olive oil over medium heat and add the garlic and red onion. Cook until tender and slightly translucent then add the honey balsamic vinaigrette to the onions. In a large mixing bowl add about half of the lentils, washed spinach and the caramelized onions. Toss to coat and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve, lay the prosciutto and goat cheese toast on a plate and serve with warm honeybalsamic spinach salad over the top. Garnish with more lentils., ingredients: [12 loaf country bread, cut into 1inch slices and the slices halved, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 4ounce medallions goat cheese, 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 2 cups black lentils you can substitute with other varieties if you cant find black lentils, 2 cloves garlic, 3 sprigs thyme, divided, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 medium red onion, 1 1pound bag baby spinach, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Prosciutto and Goat Cheese Bruschetta with Black Lentils, picturelink: Wfm0sCk3A7vJE7oPg3IJSzm9290OENK}, 27791: {instructions: In a heavy skillet over high flame, melt half of the butter. Season endive. Place 4 halves of the endive cutside down and cook until browned. Repeat with remaining butter and endive. Place endive, cutside up in a gratin dish. Pour stock around endive, cover with aluminum foil, and bake in 400 degree oven for 15 minutes. Season again with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 4 Belgian endives, sliced in half, lengthwise, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups vegetable stock], title: Braised Belgian Endive, picturelink: null}, 27792: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Put the onions, olives, chiles and bay leaves on a rimmed baking sheet. Cut 1 orange half into wedges and add to the baking sheet.nEvenly space the chicken thighs, skinside up, on the baking sheet on top of the other ingredients. Drizzle with the olive oil and squeeze the juice from the remaining orange half on top. Season with salt.nRoast until the chicken is cooked through and the skin is crisp and golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Discard the bay leaves. Serve the chicken with the onions, olives, oranges and pan juices., ingredients: [2 red onions, cut into wedges, 13 cup pitted oilcured black olives, 8 to 12 dried chiles, such as cayenne or arbol, broken in half, 6 bay leaves, 1 orange, halved, 8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 2 pounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Spicy Sicilian Chicken, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 27793: {instructions: Every Indian chef has their own version of this classic spice mix.nGrind the dried bay leaves, cardamom seeds, peppercorns, cumin seed, ground cinnamon and whole cloves together to a fine powder using a spice grinder or mortar and pestle. Store the mixture in a vacuumsealed jar in a cool, dark place. The garam masala will keep for several months., ingredients: [4 dried bay leaves, 7 black cardamom pods, seeds only, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 whole cloves], title: Garam Masala, picturelink: null}, 27794: {instructions: To make the burgers, combine the beef, egg, grated onion, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Mix until combined and then form into 6 thin patties.nSpread the butter on 1 side of each slice of bread. Heat a large, heavyduty skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Cook the burgers to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Drain the grease from the skillet.nIn the same skillet, place 6 slices of bread, butterside down. Top each with a slice of cheese, if using, some sliced onions and a burger. Top with the remaining cheese, if using, and bread, butterside up. Cook the sandwiches until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side.nServe with mustard, ketchup, tomatoes, pickles or any other desired hamburger toppings., ingredients: [1 pound 85percent lean ground beef, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 medium yellow onion, 12 grated and 12 thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 slices white bread, 12 slices American cheese, optional, Mustard, Ketchup, Sliced tomatoes, Pickles], title: Katie Lees Logan County Hamburgers, picturelink: SxvMr7M2XWAIucDklu4NzjhFB4Mc5Ym}, 27795: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut the pastry sheet into 20 12inch strips. Wrap the pastry strips around the frankfurters and press to seal. Place the pastries onto a baking sheet. Brush the pastries with the egg mixture.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheet and let cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Serve the pastries with the mustard for dipping.nFor a Holiday Twist, use 5 frankfurters and cut each into quarters lengthwise, then cut in half crosswise, making 40 pieces in all. Twist each pastry strip into a spiral shape. Wrap each twisted pastry strip around 2 pieces frankfurter and press to seal. Brush with the egg mix ture and bake as directed above., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farm Puffu00ae Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 10 frankfurters about 1 pound, cut in half crosswise, Prepared mustard], title: Franks Under Wraps, picturelink: null}, 27796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake sure all the ingredients are very cold. Scoop the sherbet into a large punch bowl, then pour in the cranberry juice and ginger ale and stir gently., ingredients: [1 gallon raspberry sherbet, 16 cups 1 gallon cranberry juice or cranberry mixed with pomegranate, well chilled, Two 2liter bottles ginger ale, well chilled], title: Christmas Sherbet Punch, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 27797: {instructions: Grind 12 cup sesame seeds in spice grinder into a rough powder. Leave the other 12 cup whole. Combine the sesame powder, sesame seeds, cornmeal, and salt and pepper and place in a shallow bowl.nDredge catfish fillets in sesamecornmeal mix and saute in hot peanut oil until golden brown. Remove catfish, keep warm. Empty skillet of oil and crusty cornmeal. Add new oil to hot pan and saute the fresh sliced okra until it becomes slightly brown, about 8 minutes.nPlace the geechee sauce on the plate and put catfish fillets on top of that. Add another ladle of geechee sauce and put Sauteed okra on top.nSweat the peppers, celery, and onion in bacon fat until the onions are translucent. Season with salt and pepper. Add red wine and reduce by 13. Add tomato and stock. Whisk in roux and peanut butter. Check seasoning. Let simmer for 30 minutes.nMelt the butter in a saute pan. When the butter is melted, add the flour and stir to combine. Cook slowly over low heat, stirring constantly, until the roux gets dark brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Dont rush it or the roux could burn and become bitter tasting., ingredients: [1 cup whole sesame seeds, 2 cups cornmeal, Salt and pepper, 4 catfish fillets, skinless, Peanut oil, for sauteeing, 1 cup sliced okra, Geechee Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon bacon fat, 14 cup smalldiced green pepper, 14 cup smalldiced red pepper, 12 cup smalldiced celery, 1 cup smalldiced onion, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon brown roux, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 12 cups tomato puree, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Sesame Crusted Catfish with Geechee Peanut Sauce and Sauteed Okra, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 27798: {instructions: Place the hens in a baking dish. Mix the red wine, scallions, ginger, garlic and sesame oil together in a bowl and pour the marinade over the hens. Cover and refrigerate the hens for 1 to 2 days.nPreheat grill to medium heat. Place the hens on the grill bone side down and grill, covered, about 10 minutes. Gently turn them over and continue grilling for another 10 to 15 minutes or until the juices run clear. Let the hens rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 Cornish game hens, halved, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 2 cups red wine, 12 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame oil], title: Hoisin Marinated Grilled Chicken, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 27799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Whisk up the Chermoula Sauce with the vinegar and vegetable juice. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the taco topping: Char the poblanos over a flame on a gas burners or char under the broiler until the skins are blackened all over. Place the peppers in a bowl. Cover and cool the peppers slightly. Then peel and seed the peppers, and chop. Reserve for later use.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh to high heat, add the mushrooms and brown a few minutes then add the corn and cook until it starts to brown as well, 5 to 7 minutes more. Add the garlic, onions, oregano, chili powder and some salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are tender crisp, couple of minutes, then deglaze pan with the beer. Add the tomatoes and poblanos, and cook to just heat through. Turn off the heat and cool. Store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal. Reheat over mediumhigh heat until just hot through.nTo serve, line a serving platter, bowl or individual shallow bowls with the lettuce and fill with the warmed salad. Top with Tortilla Strips, cheese, peppers and scallions. Pour the dressing evenly over top and serve.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the tortillas in half and then into thin strips, 18 to 14inch thick. Spray lightly with the nonstick cooking spray, then season with salt, and sprinkle with some coriander and cumin. Arrange on baking sheets in a single layer and bake until crisp., ingredients: [34 cup Chermoula Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 cup vegetable juice or tomato sauce, 2 poblano chiles, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, 2 cups corn kernels about 4 ears corn, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 tablespoon chili powder, such as Gebhardts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup beer, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes or tomatoes with green chiles, 2 romaine hearts or 1 head of iceberg lettuce, chopped, Tortilla Strips, recipe follows, Crumbled queso fresco or shredded sharp white Cheddar, Pickled jalapeno pepper rings or banana pepper rings, Scallions, 12 cup fresh basil, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 14 cup fresh mint, About 12 cup EVOO, 2 to 3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 1 shallot, coarsely chopped, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Place the basil, cilantro, mint, EVOO, jalapenos, garlic, shallots, lime juice and some salt and pepper in the food processor and pulse to finely chop, about the same as a loose pesto., 8 corn tortillas, Natural nonstick cooking spray, Ground coriander, Ground cumin], title: Meatless Taco Salad, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 27800: {instructions: Grill tri tip on BBQ over red oak. Once cooked, chop into small pieces.nCombine beans, red onions, jalapenos and cooked tri tip. Warm up over low fire for 30 minutes or until beans are heated through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound tri tip, fat trimmed off, 1 gallon ranch beans, 12 red onion, diced, 6 fresh jalapenos, diced], title: Santa Maria Style Beans, picturelink: OSg.DIgAi7yiDTPAxGzGJjr4OGcvyO}, 27801: {instructions: Place the rice, 34 cup of water, the coconut milk, sugar and the salt in a medium saucepan and stir to combine. Bring the rice to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the water has evaporated to just below the level of the rice and little holes begin to form on the surface, stirring occasionally so that the rice doesnt stick to the bottom of the pan and burn. Reduce the heat to the lowest setting, cover the saucepan and continue to cook until the rice is tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork and stir in the raisins. Cover the saucepan and let it sit off of the heat until the raisins are plump and warm, 10 minutes. Sprinkle the rice with the toasted coconut and serve., ingredients: [3 cups longgrain white rice, 6 cups light coconut milk, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup toasted coconut flakes], title: Coconut Rice Arroz con Coco, picturelink: null}, 27802: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nPreheat a grill on mediumhigh.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Stir in the onions and cook until translucent, about 1 minute. Add the cabbage and cook until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season the cabbage with salt, pepper, and crushed red pepper, to taste. Add the sugar, cider and stock. Cook until the cabbage is al dente, about 6 to 8 minutesnIn a small bowl, mix together the sour cream, shallot, lemon zest, lemon juice, cayenne and chives. Season the cremolata with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd potato peels to the fryer and fry until crisp, about 3 minutes Remove to a paper towel lined platter and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nGrill the bratwurst, turning frequently until cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutesnTo assemble:nOpen the rolls and spread with some of the sour cream cremolata. Add the sausage and some warm braised cabbage. Top each with some crispy potatoes and finish with a little more cremolata before serving., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, minced, 12 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup apple cider, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 cup sour cream, 1 shallot, minced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peels from 4 potatoes, 4 bratwurst sausages, 4 steak rolls, split on 1 side], title: Grilled Bratwurst with Braised Cabbage, picturelink: 5NuEv1pWOtzAXe3r8HSzkYQZDdnMIS}, 27803: {instructions: Cut off the ends of the plantains and then carefully cut a slit down the length of the skin without cutting into the plantain itself. Using a wooden spoon, pry up the edges of the peel and pull off the skin. Once the peel is removed cut the plantain crosswise into 3 or 4 pieces, each about 2 to 3 inches long.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat until it shimmers, about 3 minutes. Add the plantains and fry them until they turn golden on all sides, about 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer them to a paper towellined plate to drain, then place between 2 sheets of parchment paper. Reduce the heat to medium.nFlatten the plantains by pressing down on them with a heavybottomed pan. Return 12 of the flattened plantains to the oil and refry until deep golden on both sides, about 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer back to the paper towellined plate to drain and repeat with the remaining flattened plantains. Sprinkle with salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 green plantains, 1 cup vegetable oil, plus more if necessary, Salt], title: Plantain Chips Patacones, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 27804: {instructions: Special equipment: Muffin Tinn1. Over mediumhigh heat, saute shallots in butter for 2 minutes. Add lobster and tarragon, saute 2 minutes. Add Riesling and saute 2 minutes longer to cook lobster and evaporate most of the liquid from the pan. Set aside.n2. Flour a work surface and roll out the crust to flatten. Cut 3, 5inch circles from each crust.n3. Spray the cups of a muffin pan with vegetable oil. Lay one pastry circle into each muffin cup, pressing the bottom flat to the bottom of the cup so it will sit flat after baking. Prick the bottom of each little cup and chill for 10 minutes.n4. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake chilled tart shells 12 to 15 minutes until light gold. Remove and let cool before using You can prepare to here up to 24 hours before using. Store in a cool, dry place.n5. Increase oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Fill each cup with a small chunk of Brie and 12 tsp. of lobster mixture, dust with almonds. Bake 78 minutes until cheese is bubbly. Serve., ingredients: [2 sheets frozen piecrust, defrosted in the refrigerator, 2 tbsp. butter, 1 tbsp. minced shallot or red onion, 12 lb. lobster about 1 tail, chopped, 2 tbsp. minced tarragon, 4 oz. Brie, 13 cup slivered almonds, 14 cup Riesling, Salt and pepper, Salt and pepper], title: Warm Lobster and Brie Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 27805: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and bake until soft, about 20 minutes. When cool enough to hold, remove the peels and place in a saucepot. Add the butter, cream, salt and pepper and mash together., ingredients: [5 jumbo sweet potatoes, halved, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons salt], title: Sweet Potato Mash, picturelink: Ss8kmYCZ2KdsC5dJ8mWgEUW5LSdd4SC}, 27806: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the peaches in a food processor and process until smooth. Pass through a mesh strainer into a bowl.nCombine the peach puree, tequila, liqueur, lime juice and simple syrup in a blender and blend until smooth. Serve over ice in rocks glasses. Garnish with a slice of peach and mint sprigs., ingredients: [2 ripe white peaches, peeled, pitted and chopped, 14 cup silver tequila, 14 cup peach liqueur recommended: Creme de Peche, 14 cup lime juice, 2 tablespoons simple syrup, Ice cubes, Slice peaches, for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: White PeachSilver Tequila Cocktail, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 27807: {instructions: Preheat a clean, seasoned grill to high heat.nGrill the chiles and bell peppers until charred all over, 3 to 4 minutes per side, then immediately them to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam for 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel and discard the blackened skins and remove the stems and seeds. Finely dice the peppers and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPour 4 12 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt in a heavybottomed pot set over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. In a slow, steady stream, add the cornmeal while whisking vigorously to incorporate and smooth out lumps. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer, stirring continuously for the first 2 to 3 minutes. Cook the polenta until thick, and it begins to pull away from the sides of the pot, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the diced peppers, the PecorinoRomano and butter.nGrease a quartersheet tray with the oil. Pour the polenta on the prepared sheet tray and smooth out the top with a rubber spatula. Bake until golden brown and bubbling, 20 to 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for 1 hour.nCut the polenta into squares, then brush the squares with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the polenta on both sides to create grill marks and heat through, 3 to 5 minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 Anaheim chiles, 2 red bell peppers, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups stoneground cornmeal, 1 cup grated PecorinoRomano, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Polenta with Peppers and Pecorino, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 27808: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Halve eggplants and rub the flesh sides with 14 cup of the olive oil. Place on racks set on baking sheets. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let sit until cool enough to handle. Scoop flesh into a food processor and puree until creamy. Remove to a large mixing bowl and fold in the tomatoes, olives, parsley, garlic, and lemon juice. Whisk in the remaining 14 cup of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 medium eggplants, about 14 ounces each, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled and cut in 18inch dice, 14 cup Nicoise olives, chopped coarsely, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sea salt, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Eggplant Caviar, picturelink: null}, 27809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace bread in food processor and pulse for 30 seconds into bread crumbs makes about 2 12 to 3 cups crumbs.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook, stirring, until onions are soft and translucent, 8 minutes. Add celery and cook, stirring, until just tender, 6 minutes. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring, until mushrooms release their water, 5 to 7 minutes. Add flour all at once and stir immediately and vigorously with a wooden spoon until flour is completely incorporated into vegetable mixture until there are no flour lumps. Add milk and broth, stir to combine and bring mixture to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to a vigorous simmer and cook, stirring, until liquid has thicke ned and reduced by about 12 cup, 7 to 8 minutes. Add salt and pepper and stir to combine. Combine cooked pasta, vegetableliquid mixture, broccoli, peas and tuna and toss to incorporate. Pour into a 9 by 13inch casserole. Top with bread crumbs. Bake for 25 minutes, or until crumbs are golden brown and toasted., ingredients: [5 slices wholewheat bread, crusts included, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small onion, chopped about 1 cup, 1 large stalk celery, finely diced about 12 cup, 1 10ounce box white mushroom, stemmed and chopped about 2 12 cups, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups 1 percent milk, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth or vegetable broth, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 pound wholewheat fettuccine noodles, broken into thirds and cooked according to package directions, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped broccoli, thawed, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, thawed, 4 6ounce cans chunk light tuna in water, drained], title: Tuna Casserole, picturelink: GYb3IXB4eh4.0.A3C10VwJgOJj73KIS}, 27810: {instructions: In a small pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove from pan and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter in the same pan and saute the mushrooms for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons butter and melt. Add the spinach and cook until it is wilted.nReturn bacon to the pan and heat through. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 ounces smoked bacon, sliced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 12 tablespoons, 8 mushrooms, sliced, 12 ounces baby spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wilted Spinach, picturelink: null}, 27811: {instructions: In a small bowl mix all dressing ingredients well.nPut all salad ingredients in a large bowl and toss with 12 to 1 cup dressing. Serve immediately.nDrain and dry chick peas. Put garlic in food processor and mince. Add chick peas and mince, scraping down the sides. Add salt, tahini and lemon juice. Mix. Taste. Add enough reserve chick pea juice to make a thick creamy consistency. You should be able to make an indentation in the hummus with a back of a spoon. Check taste again for additional lemon or salt.nServe on a platter and garnish with radishes, tomato roses, reserve chick peas, parsley and or cayenne pepper. Serve with olive oil and fresh pita bread.nSlice eggplant in half lengthwise and put upside down on a greased foil lined pan. Put under a broiler until the outside skin is charred black and the pulp inside is soft 15 to 30 minutes. Scrape out eggplant and put in bowl to cool, preferably in refrigerator for several hours. Pour off extra liquid before using.nIn a food processor, mince garlic, and scrape down sides. Add eggplant, salt, and 14 cup tahini. Pulse the food processor to mix. Slowly add lemon juice. Taste. Adjust salt and lemon or tahini.nServe on a shallow platter and garnish with chopped parsley, miniature eggplant, tomato or radish roses. Serve with Lebanese pita bread., ingredients: [2 cups shredded lettuce romaine andor iceberg, 1 large or 2 small cucumbers, small dice, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup chopped parsley, leaves only, no stems, 14 cup chopped mint leaves, no stems, 12 to 1 green pepper, diced, 1 bunch green onions, finely sliced, 12 teaspoon sumac, 2 pieces of pita bread toasted until golden brown, broken into pieces the size of a quarter, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 2 to 4 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch of pepper, 2 16ounce cans chick peas, drained, reserve juice, 4 to 6 cloves of garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 cup tahini sesame seed paste, 12 cup or more lemon juice, 1 large eggplant, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 to 13 cup tahini, 14 cup lemon juice], title: Lebanese Mezza Dishes: Fattoush, Hoummus, Baba Ghannouj, picturelink: null}, 27812: {instructions: Steep garlic in olive oil at least 12 hour. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Wash and stem tomatoes and cut them in half put unwrapped bread into the oven. Put tomatoes in a shallow baking dish, pour olive oil and garlic over and toss lightly. Bake 10 minutes sprinkle over chunks of cheese cut into 12 inch pieces and slivered basil. Stir gently. Serve with bread to mop up juices., ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced garlic, 23 cup olive oil, 2 pounds cherry tomatoes, 1 loaf focaccia bread or French bread heated, 6 ounces soft, feta cheese, 23 cup fresh basil, chiffonade], title: Baked Cherry Tomatoes and Feta, picturelink: null}, 27813: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat 2 cups water, the strawberries, sugar and basil over medium heat. Cook until the liquid reduces by half and the sugar dissolves.nPour in a blender and puree until smooth. Refrigerate until cool.nAdd the bourbon to the puree, then pour the mixture over ice to serve., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, stemmed, 2 cups sugar, 5 ounces fresh basil leaves, 2 cups bourbon], title: StrawberryBasil Bourbon Smash, picturelink: WVkl3gUPTaTKEzWdr0yTcFt.4gFwnkS}, 27814: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Roll the dough into 2 10inch circles. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer dough to grill. When bottom side is mostly cooked through, brush with 2 tablespoons olive oil and sprinkle evenly with grated cheese, red pepper flakes, oregano, and salt and pepper. Let cook until dough is cooked through and slightly charred. Remove from grill, garnish with fresh basil, and cut into pieces., ingredients: [1 8ounce ball prepared pizza dough bought fresh from pizzeria or frozen from market, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled White Pizza, picturelink: null}, 27815: {instructions: Combine the butter and sugars in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and vanilla.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, salt and baking powder. On low speed, add the flour mixture to the butter mixture in a few additions, scraping the bowl and beater in between. Do not over mix. Stir in the walnuts and the three types of chopped chocolate. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to firm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line three baking sheets with parchment paper or use nonstick baking sheets.nUsing an icecream scoop or a slightly heaping tablespoon, drop mounds of the cooled cookie dough about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake for 12 to 15 minutes until the bottoms are brown, and the chocolate pieces have melted. Underbake for chewy cookies, or bake to the higher end of the time range for crispier cookies. Remove to a rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup firmlypacked light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour scooped and leveled, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 4 ounces chopped walnuts, pecans, or almonds about 1 cup, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped to pieces, 5 ounces milk chocolate, roughly chopped to pieces, 5 ounces white chocolate, roughly chopped to pieces], title: Rons TripleChocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 65O0fTSYqV6LxQW55nJn3RhZ7zKvbGa}, 27816: {instructions: In a large bowl, remove corn kernels from cob using a small knife. Set aside. In heavy pot saute onion in olive oil. Add garlic and red pepper. Stir. Season with salt, pepper and cayenne. Cook until vegetables are soft. Add corn and chicken stock. Add potatoes. Cover and simmer until potatoes are tender. Remove 23 ladles of soup to a blender and puree. Pour puree back in soup and stir. Serve hot with a dash of Tabasco., ingredients: [5 ears corn, husked, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, Salt, Pepper, Cayenne, 2 potatoes, peeled, cubed, 6 12 cups chicken stock, Tabasco], title: Summer Corn Chowder, picturelink: null}, 27817: {instructions: Muddle the strawberries, agave and cinnamon in the bottom of a shaker glass. Add ice and Cachaca. Shake well and strain into a large rocks glass., ingredients: [112 oz. Cachaca, Brazilian rum, 3 strawberries, diced, 1 tsp. agave nectar, Two dashes ground cinnamon], title: A Very Berry Brazilian, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 27818: {instructions: You will need a mediumsized mixing bowl, a large castiron or other heavy griddle, a paper towel, a flat wooden spoon or rubber spatula, and a metal spatula.nIn a mediumsized bowl, mix together the semolina, yogurt, chile, gingerroot, curry leaves, coriander leaves, and salt. Add the water a little at a time, stirring while you pour. When all the water has been added and the batter is smooth, cover the bowl and let the batter rest for approximately one hour.nTo cook the breads, heat a large castiron griddle over medium high heat. Lightly oil the surface of the griddle using a paper towel, and reserve the towel for use between each dosa. When the griddle is hot, pour on onehalf cup of the batter. As you pour, move in a circle out from the middle, trying to distribute the batter in as large a circle as possible. Immediately after, use the flat back side of a wooden spoon or rubber spatula to move the batter to cover the gaps, trying again to increase the diameter of the dosa. Try to make a circle 9 to 10 inches in diameter.nOver a medium high heat, the dosa will cook on its first side for one minute and a half. After it has been cooking for one minute, begin to loosen it from the griddle with a sharpedged spatula. Coax the dosa, dont force it, as it will come off easily from the griddle when it is ready. When ready, flip to the other side.nThe second side will cook in one and a half to two minutes, depending on the thickness of the dosa and the heat of the griddle. You can check the dosa by simply lifting a corner with your spatula. It should have nicely browned spots, but not nearly as uniformly brown as the first side. When ready, remove to a plate. Before starting the second dosa, rub the surface of the griddle with the oily paper towel, or if its particularly dry, add a little more oil. Continue cooking until all the dosas have been made they can be stacked one on top of the other when they finish cooking, or serve immediately as they are made, flapjackstyle., ingredients: [2 cups semolina flour, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 fresh red chile seeds and veins discarded, finely chopped or 1 jalapeno, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger, 1 tablespoon curry leaves if using dried, rehydrate by soaking before using, 2 tablespoons coriander leaves, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups warm water, Oil for griddle surface], title: Fresh Coriander, Ginger, and Chile Breads, picturelink: null}, 27819: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add all the berries along with the honey, liqueur and sugar. Mix together and refrigerate for 1 hour.nArrange the biscuits onto a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Brush butter over the tops and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake according to the cooking instructions on the package. When baked, remove from the oven and allow to cool.nCut the biscuits in half and cover the bottom half with berries. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and drizzle with some of the berry juice. Cover with the top half of the biscuit or lean it on the side. Arrange on serving plates or on a platter and serve.nIn a large bowl, beat the heavy cream with a handheld mixer until a foam forms. Add the sugar and vanilla extract. Continue beating until soft peaks form., ingredients: [4 cups stemmed and halved strawberries, 2 cups blueberries, 2 cups blackberries, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons orange flavored liqueur, 14 cup sugar, 1 refrigerated can large biscuits, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Whipped cream, recipe follows, Sanding sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Neelys Berry Shortcake, picturelink: BT8DPwcvlkKLD5HTqB.YON0LyCby27a}, 27820: {instructions: Combine 2 cups of water with the sugar and spices in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes. Add the orange slices, remove pan from the heat and let sit for 15 minutes. Stir in the wine. Reheat gently over low heat, never allowing to boil. Serve hot, in heated glasses., ingredients: [2 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 4 cinnamon sticks, 6 whole cloves, 1 fresh whole nutmeg, 2 oranges, thinly sliced, 1 bottle kosher for Passover red wine], title: Mulled Wine, picturelink: null}, 27821: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan on medium heat. Add the zucchini and yellow squash and cook until slightly tender, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and turn off the heat. Toss to combine, letting the spinach wilt. Season with salt and pepper.nSpray a 9by13by2inch baking dish with cooking spray. Place 3 lasagna noodles on the bottom of the baking dish, forming 1 layer the noodles may overlap. Layer onethird of the veggie mixture, onethird of the ricotta cheese and onethird of the Cherry Tomato Sauce in the dish, spreading each layer evenly. Top with 12 cup of the basil. Repeat a second time with the noodles, veggie mixture, ricotta and tomato sauce top with the remaining 12 cup basil. Repeat a third time, but finish the top layer with the mozzarella.nCover with aluminum foil and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the aluminum foil, turn the oven to broil and broil on high until the cheese is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the tomatoes, oregano, thyme, parsley, olive oil, garlic and onions on a large baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and toss, making sure everything is evenly coated. Bake until the tomatoes are golden and the onions are caramelized, about 20 minutes.nCarefully peel the garlic, making sure not to burn your fingers. Transfer the ingredients to a blender and process until smooth. Check for seasoning and add more salt and pepper if desired. Reserve for later use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces zucchini about 1 medium, sliced into 12inch rounds, 8 ounces yellow squash about 1 medium, sliced into 12inch rounds, 1 cup sliced baby bella mushrooms, 1 cup spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 9 lasagna noodles 7 inches by 3 inches, cooked according to the package instructions, One 15ounce container wholemilk ricotta cheese, Cherry Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 pounds cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 white onion, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Veggie Lasagna, picturelink: zEwamkhmAHqTTLn.czuLV.DKm5V74e}, 27822: {instructions: Preparing to cook: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lay down a piece of parchment paper on a baking sheet.nMaking the batter: Whisk together the buttermilk, paprika, garlic power, and onion powder. Add a pinch of salt and pepper and stir.nMaking the flour: Whisk together a pinch each of salt and pepper, flour mix, and smoked paprika.nDipping the chicken: Set a large castiron skillet on mediumhigh heat. As the pan is heating, line up the chicken, the bowl of batter, and the spiced flour. Pour the oil into the hot pan.nFrying the chicken: When the oil has reached 375 degrees F, dip a piece of chicken in the batter. Shake off any excess liquid. Dip the chicken in the flour and coat it entirely. Place the chicken in the hot oil. Repeat with all the pieces of chicken.nDont overcrowd the pan. You can always do this in two batches.nFlip the chicken pieces when the bottoms are nicely browned. When both sides are browned, put the chicken pieces onto the prepared baking sheet.nFinishing the chicken: When all the chicken has been browned and laid on the baking sheet, put the baking sheet in the oven. Cook the chicken until the legs have reached an internal temperature of 185 degrees F and the breasts measure 155 degrees F.nPour all the flours into a large container. Restaurant supply stores sell large plastic containers that fit this purpose well. You could also use a large glass jar. Shake and shake and shake harder until all the flours have become one color., ingredients: [1 quart buttermilk, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 560 grams AllPurpose GlutenFree Flour Mix, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 chicken breasts, each cut in half, 2 chicken thighs, 2 chicken legs, 2 chicken wings, 12 cup canola oil you could also use grapeseed or vegetable oil, 400 grams millet flour, 300 grams sweet rice flour, 300 grams potato starch], title: GlutenFree Fried Chicken, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 27823: {instructions: Place tequila, Triple Sec, lime juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker and shake until combined. Serve over ice in a rocks glass and pour mezcal on top do not stir the mezcal into the drink, as it should float on top., ingredients: [2 ounces tequila recommended: El Tesoro, 1 ounce Triple Sec, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 34 teaspoon simple syrup, Ice cubes, 12 ounce mezcal recommended: Del Maguey Chichicapa Single Village Mezcal], title: Smokey Margarita, picturelink: P27FnprhrZgAMQvEm3FbIfYPDwP1tQe}, 27824: {instructions: Place a 5inch castiron skillet in the oven preheat the oven to broil.nHeat a wok or saute pan over high heat. Add the butter and bacon and cook until the bacon is crisp, about 20 seconds. Toss in the jalapeno and corn, season with a pinch of salt and pepper and cook until the corn kernels start to char a little bit, 20 to 30 seconds. Add the garlic and half of the scallions. Add the condensed milk, mayonnaise and 14 cup of the mozzarella and cook until the cheese is melted and the ingredients are well mixed, another 20 seconds. With a towel, grab your hot skillet from the broiler and carefully pour in the corncheese mixture. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup mozzarella over the top and set under the broiler until golden brown, 30 to 45 seconds. Garnish with the remaining scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 strips bacon, chopped, 12 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 cups canned sweet corn, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons condensed milk, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 cup mozzarella cheese], title: BaCorn Cheese, picturelink: KDWqwbQ.wgkryJNalRNsPwwjVVJd8O}, 27825: {instructions: Chop the bacon and cook it in a frying pan over medium heat until most of the fat has been rendered.nPour the baked beans into large a pot, over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon and bring to a simmer. Stir in the peppers and the onions. Add the remaining ingredients and let simmer for 30 minutes. Serve right away or refrigerate overnight, if possible., ingredients: [12 pound applewood peppered bacon, 3 12 pounds baked beans, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 large onion, diced, 18 cup vegetable seasoning recommended: Veggie Shake, 14 cup ketchup, 9 ounces BBQ sauce, 6 ounces molasses, 14 cup honey, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Bad Girl Beans, picturelink: null}, 27826: {instructions: Combine eggs, onion, and milk together in a mixing bowl.nMix baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar, cornmeal, and flour together.nThen mix the dry ingredients with the milk mixture. Blend well.nDrop by spoonfuls into hot oil and cook until golden brown., ingredients: [2 eggs, slightly beaten, 1 medium onion, chopped fine, 34 cup milk, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups plain yellow cornmeal, 14 cup all purpose flour, Vegetable oil, for deep frying], title: Hushpuppies, picturelink: null}, 27827: {instructions: Pulse the cheese, mayo, pimentos and cayenne in the food processor until just combined. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill for at least 3 hours.nSpread some additional mayo on 1 side of each slice of toasted bread. Arrange 6 slices, mayoside down, on a clean work surface. Place 2 heaping tablespoons pimento cheese evenly on the 6 slices of bread and top with the remaining 6 slices of bread, mayoside facing up.nIn a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat, cook 3 sandwiches until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is starting to melt, about 3 minutes. Turn the sandwiches over and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes more. Wipe the pan clean and repeat with the remaining 3 sandwiches.nWhat To Toss In: If you like your pimento really spicy, you can always add some chipotle in adobe sauce to give it a smoky flavor. This can also be used as an entertaining dip. Just arrange some baby carrots and cut up some celery sticks around the cheese. People will flock to it., ingredients: [1 12 cup shredded bestquality sharp Cheddar, 12 cup real mayonnaise, plus more for grilling, 1 4ounce jar chopped pimentos, drained, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 slices brioche bread, lightly toasted], title: Grilled Pimento Cheese Sandwich, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 27828: {instructions: Prepare the bread stuffing by soaking the bread in milk for 5 minutes. Squeeze out the excess milk with your hands then put the bread in a clean mixing bowl. Add parsley, cheese, garlic, copacola, pine nuts, and raisins. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil to moisten and mix thoroughly.nSet the veal on a piece of plastic wrap. Make a deep slice along the veal breast and fan open like a book. Lay another piece of plastic wrap on top. Using the smooth side of a mallet, gently flatten the veal until its about 12inch thick take care not to tear. Discard the top sheet of plastic wrap rub the surface with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Spread the stuffing evenly over the meat, leaving a 1inch border all around. Place the eggs lengthwise down the center of the meat and roll up like a jellyroll log, using the plastic wrap as support. Tie the roll with kitchen string to secure.nHeat olive oil over medium heat in a Dutch oven or roasting pan. Brown the stuffed veal roast well on all sides. Cover with foil and bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 1 hour.nAlternatively, deglaze with red wine, then pour tomato sauce on top to cover the braciole. Cover the pan and gently simmer for about 1 hour until tender.nTo serve, remove the strings from the veal bundle and cut into 1inch slices. Arrange on a serving platter, with or without sauce., ingredients: [2 cups cubed dayold Italian bread, 1 cup milk, 12 cup chopped Italian parsley, 12 cup grated pecorinoRomano, 4 garlic cloves, slivered, 12 pound copacola, diced, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 12 cup raisins, soaked in warm water to rehydrate then drained, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 4 pounds veal breast alternatively may use beef top round, 4 hard boiled eggs, shelled and quartered, 1 cup red wine, for braising, optional, Tomato sauce, for braising, optional], title: Braised Braciole, picturelink: null}, 27829: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 cups red oak chips, soaked in water for at least 2 hours, such as Susy Qs BrandnIn a small bowl, mix the granulated garlic, salt and pepper together and rub all over and into the meat. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature.nPrepare a charcoal grill for direct and indirect mediumhigh heat. Add the chips about 30 minutes before grilling the beef.nSet the tritip over direct heat, fatside up, and sear until nicely browned, about 10 minutes. Flip over and sear other side.nMove the tritip over the indirectheat area, cover and grill until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 130 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes.nTransfer the meat to a cutting board and let rest at least 15 minutes. Slice the meat across the grain. Serve with Santa Maria Pinquito Bean Relish, Tomato Relish and Grilled French Bread.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and the fat has rendered. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the poblano and onions to the bacon fat in the pan and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the beans and bacon and cook until warmed through. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Put into a serving bowl and top with cilantro or parsley leaves.nPreheat the grill for high direct heat.nToss the tomatoes with the canola oil, season with salt and pepper and transfer to a grill basket. Grill, tossing once or twice, until charred on all sides. Remove the tomatoes to another bowl. Add the parsley or cilantro, olive oil, garlic paste, chiles and onions. Stir to combine and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.nMash the butter, garlic and some salt and pepper in a mortar and pestle.nBrush the cut side of the bread lightly with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread, cutside down, until golden brown. Flip over and continue cooking for 30 seconds longer. Remove from the grill, slather with the garlic butter and cut each half into 4 pieces. Put the pieces on a platter and scatter parsley leaves over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 beef tritip, preferably with some fat on one side about 2 12 pounds, Santa Maria Pinquito Bean Relish, recipe follows, Tomato Relish, recipe follows, Grilled French Bread, recipe follows, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 poblano chile, finely diced, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cans pinquito or pinto beans, drained, rinsed and drained again, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or flatleaf parsley, for garnishing, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or cilantro, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, mashed to a paste with some salt, 2 serrano or jalapeno chiles, finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf French bread, split lengthwise, Olive or canola oil, for brushing, Handful fresh parsley leaves, for garnishing], title: Santa MariaStyle BBQ TriTip, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 27830: {instructions: In a blender, combine vanilla yogurt, sliced banana, vanilla extract and blend until smooth.nIn tall glasses, arrange half of crushed cookies add half of the banana mixture, then add with remaining crushed cookies and remaining banana mixture. Top with whipped cream and sift lightly with cocoa powder. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 ripe banana, peeled and sliced, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 32 vanilla wafers, crushed, Whipped cream, 3 tablespoons Cocoa powder], title: Banana Cream Pie Parfaits, picturelink: INQKe14NZAJSWM9l78w0bAPFuBY.z.}, 27831: {instructions: In a small saute pan, over medium heat, heat the oil and cook the onion until lightly browned. Lower the heat and cook until caramelized, about 10 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, blue cheese, and sage. If the dressing is too thick, loosen the dressing by pouring in a little more of the buttermilk. You want the dressing to be pourable. Season the dressing with salt, and pepper, to taste.nCombine the spinach, arugula, frisee, tomato, and bacon in a large bowl and dress gently with a few spoonfuls of blue cheese dressing. Add more dressing to taste, but dont overdress the greens. Season the salad with salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small yellow onion, cut into small dice, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 8 ounces bleu cheese, crumbled recommended: Point Reyes, 2 tablespoons fresh sage, finely chopped, 12 to 1 12 cups buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh baby spinach, washed and dried, 1 cup fresh baby arugula, washed and dried, 2 frisee hearts, washed and dried, 1 cup seeded and small diced tomato, 1 cup cooked crisp and diced bacon], title: Spinach, Arugula, and Frisee Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing, Fresh Tomatoes, and Crispy Bacon, picturelink: null}, 27832: {instructions: Preheat griddle to medium or mediumhigh and oven to 350 degrees F.nToast 12 cup of the coconut by spreading it out on a cookie sheet and place in preheated oven for about 10 minutes or until golden brown. Shake or move the coconut around with tongs to get even toasting.nPortion out the chocolate and coconut for 10 pancakes. How chocolately or coconutty you want them to be is up to you  experiment, and dont get too picky about the portioningnFor the 4grain pancake batter:nThoroughly mix all dry ingredients. Combine with the beaten eggs, buttermilk, and milk in a bowl, cutting together with a fork. Cut 4 tablespoons of the melted butter into the batter. Drizzle the remaining butter over the griddle and spoon on the batter. Immediately distribute the chocolate and untoasted coconut evenly over the surface. This is done quickly so they will sink into the batter. Dont mix the chocolate into the batter beforehand Proceed to the next pancake, and so on. Go back and check your first pancake. The pancakes should cook about 2 minutes per side, but watch them. Remember my early admonition about not patting the pancakes with the spatula or turning them more than once.nTop the finished Peter Pauls with some toasted coconut and serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, divided, 1 cup chocolate in pieces or chips about 6 ounces, 4grain pancake batter, recipe follows, Maple syrup, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 heaping tablespoons oldfashioned oats, 2 heaping tablespoons toasted wheat germ, 2 tablespoons coarse yellow cornmeal, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups buttermilk, or substitute soured milk, 14 cup whole milk or 2 percent, 1 percent, skim, 5 tablespoons melted butter, divided], title: Peter Paul Pancakes Recipe, picturelink: N31ydHlFzlGUH2zCbv6XdwzO74J3F92}, 27833: {instructions: Puree the tomatoes, celery and broth in a blender until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Season with lemon juice and maple syrup. Stir in cream.nTransfer to a microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave on HIGH until warmed through, about 4 minutes. Alternatively, heat the oldfashioned way in a pan. Pour hot soup into an airtight thermos. Pack in a lunch sack and send off to school., ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, in juice, 1 rib celery, roughly chopped, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 to 13 cup cream], title: TenMinute Tomato Soup, picturelink: UqFw8aX7mb7emPkVb5pE8KjusZPdzga}, 27834: {instructions: Heat oil in large heavy pot. Cook onion and celery until translucent. Season chicken pieces liberally with salt and pepper. Place chicken skin side down in pot and brown, about 5 minutes. Add carrots and cover with water. Bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour. Remove chicken from soup and let cool. Remove meat from bones and shred, discard skin. Return meat to pot and stir in parsley and noodles. Cook for another 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 carrots, sliced, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 6 cups water, 1 chicken, quartered, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 cup small egg noodles, Salt, Pepper], title: Old Fashioned Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 27835: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix flour and salt. Pour in water and mix with a spoon until the dough comes together. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 5 minutes. Remove dough from bowl and knead for about 5 minutes moistening your hands and the board with water as you work. Kneading in the additional moisture is an important step in making a tender arepa. The dough should be smooth and not crack around the edges it should be moist but not sticky. Form into disks about 3inches around and 12inch thick. The disks can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap at this point and cooked later. Add the oil to a nonstick pan over medium heat and cook arepas on each side just until a crust forms. Do not let brown. Place on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until the arepas make a hollow sound when tapped. Open a slit in 1 side of the arepa to make a pocket or slice in half. Arepas can be stuffed with meat, beans and plantains or your favorite filling., ingredients: [1 12 cups arepa flour, see note, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups warm water, 1 teaspoon canola oil, plus extra for cooking arepas], title: Stuffed Cornbread: Arepas, picturelink: xglSOuVL0WFvfNFQeyrLyzHA4ehrB1i}, 27836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse the beans under cold water, sorting out any rocksparticles. Cover in cold water and soak for 6 to 8 hours.nDrain the beans and place in a stockpot with the ham hock cover with fresh water by 2 inches. Add the tomato sauce, chili powder, brown sugar, white vinegar, garlic, onions, 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper.nBring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer, adding a little more liquid if the level gets too low, until the beans are tender, 3 to 4 hours. Taste, and season with additional salt and pepper if needed., ingredients: [4 cups dried pinto beans, 1 ham hock, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chili Beans, picturelink: hA7Hb.fde6jn1k4syXTWrfvMuC2DIei}, 27837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together lime juice, zest, apple cider vinegar, honey, jalapeno, salt and pepper, to taste. Add the mango, jicama and cilantro, and chill 15 to 30 minutes. Cut each pineapple section in half and remove core, so you have 6 canoelike pieces. To serve, place pineapple canoes on a plate and top with mangojicama mixture., ingredients: [1 lime, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 red jalapeno, seeded and finely diced Salt, 2 semiripe mangos, peeled and grated, 1 large jicama, peeled and grated, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 ripe pineapple, peeled and cut into 3 equal rounds], title: Mango and Jicama Slaw, picturelink: Wo3GlYHOgq4p2jndfLn9n4bVgF7Y5K}, 27838: {instructions: Dressing: Combine the yogurt and milk in a medium bowl. Add all of the remaining ingredients and stir to incorporate.nWash and dry the chicken pieces and coat them in the dressing.nHeat a couple of inches of frying oil in a large Dutch oven over medium to mediumhigh heat. The oil is ready when rapid bubbles surround the handle of a wooden spoon when submerged in the oil.nPut the flour in large doublebagged paper sack and add the mustard, poultry seasoning or thyme, paprika, turmeric and cayenne. Add the chicken tenders and shake to coat them in the flour. Using tongs add the chicken to the hot oil. Tenders will fry in 7 to 8 minutes time while you bread the 6 drummers. Remove the tenders to a cooling rack and add the drummers, they will take about 12 minutes for the juices to run clear. Remove the drummers to the cooling rack and season all of the chicken with salt while still hot.nArrange the chicken on a serving platter and serve it at room temperature or cold with hot sauce and honey for topping. Pickles, celery, carrot sticks and salted radishes make crunchy accompaniments., ingredients: [2 cups Greekstyle yogurt or reduced fat yogurt, 12 cup milk, 2 large cloves garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, a palmful, 1 tablespoon paprika, a palmful, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 14 cup finely chopped chives, A small handful dill leaves, finely chopped, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 white meat tenders and 6 chicken leg drummers, Vegetable or any light frying oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, a palmful, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning or ground thyme, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika or smoked sweet paprika, a palmful, 1 12 teaspoons turmeric, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 13 palmful, Honey and hot sauce, for serving, Pickle spears, carrot and celery sticks and salted radishes, for serving], title: Yogurt Ranch Dressing Marinated Chicken Legs and Tenders, picturelink: null}, 27839: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the broth to a simmer. Cover the broth and keep warm over low heat.nIn a large heavy saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the pancetta and sausage and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, bell pepper, and mushrooms and saute until tender, scraping up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add the wine and simmer until the wine has almost completely evaporated, about 1 minute. Add 12 cup of simmering broth and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue cooking the rice, adding the broth 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition of broth to absorb before adding the next, until the rice is tender but still firm to the bite and the mixture is creamy, about 25 to 30 minutes total. Remove from the heat. Stir in 34 of the Parmesan. Transfer the risotto to a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the parsley and remaining Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces pancetta, chopped, 1 link about 6 ounces spicy Italian sausage, casing removed, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup chopped red bell pepper, 4 ounces button mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or mediumgrain white rice, 34 cup dry white wine, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Dirty Risotto, picturelink: null}, 27840: {instructions: Season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper, the allspice and turmeric. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate set aside. Add the apples, onion and a pinch of salt to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 4 minutes.nAdd the lemon juice to the skillet and cook, scraping up any browned bits, 30 seconds. Add the chicken broth and honey. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. Arrange the chicken on top of the apple mixture. Cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is slightly reduced, 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons olive oil in a separate large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until golden, about 30 seconds. Add the chard stems and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until softened, 3 minutes. Add the chard leaves cook, stirring, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Serve with the chicken and apples.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 6 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil plus 2 teaspoons, 2 Gala apples, cut into wedges, 1 red onion, sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch Swiss chard, chopped stems and leaves separated], title: Spiced Chicken with Apples, picturelink: q7MI2H.LRJZQxuHHtlVU2y.1CGFwgs2}, 27841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to 500 degrees F. Place a brick, wrapped in aluminum foil onto the grates of the grill to heat.nPlace the vegetable oil into a 1quart saucepan and place over high heat. Heat until you see ripples in the in the oil, but do not allow to smoke. Add the fennel, cumin, coriander, mustard seed and paprika. When the seeds begin to pop, remove from the heat and allow to sit for 5 minutes. After 5 minutes, transfer the mixture to the carafe of a blender along with the almonds and salt. Pulse until pureed, stopping to scrape down the sides of the blender, if necessary.nPlace the hen breast side down on a cutting board. Using scissors or poultry shears, cut from the neck to the tailbone to remove the backbone. Once you remove the backbone you will be able to see the inside of the bird. Make a small slit in the cartilage at the base of the breastbone to reveal the keel bone. Grab the bird with both hands on the ribs and open up like a book, facing down towards the cutting board. Remove the keel bone. Cut small slits in the skin of the bird behind the legs and tuck the drumsticks into them in order to hold them in place. Place the birds into a baking dish and pour over the puree. Rub the puree onto the birds until thoroughly coated.nPlace the birds onto the middle of the grill, skin side down and cover evenly with the brick. Close the lid and cook for 10 minutes. If using a gas grill with multiple zones, decrease the middle flame to low. After 10 minutes, turn the birds over, replace the brick and continue to cook until a thermometer inserted into the thigh reaches 170 degrees F, approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a cooling rack and allow the bird to rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon whole fennel seed, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seed, 1 teaspoon whole coriander, 12 teaspoon whole mustard seed, 12 teaspoon paprika, 13 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 1 14 to 1 34 pound Cornish hens], title: Grilled Curry Cornish Hens, picturelink: nOgvUsBJrXMMo8FZUyaUUdBAbWPFoxK}, 27842: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix the flour, baking powder and salt together, blending well. Next, add the egg and vinegar and then stir in the soda water. Keep cold until use and stir again before using.nPreheat a deep saucepot with the oil to 350 degrees F.nDip the sardines in the cornstarch, then the tempura batter and then float in the fryer. The fish should be wellcoated but not drenched. Cook 3 to 4 minutes, in batches if necessary, flipping over during the process to ensure even cooking. Remove from the fryer to paper towels, allowing the sardines to drain any excess oil. Hold warm until serving with the Tonatto Sauce.nIn heavybottom saucepan over mediumhigh heat, heat the chicken stock, garlic, salt and pepper until simmering. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes.nNext, in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Slowly add the flour with a whisk, stirring to incorporate. Continue to cook until the butter and flour begin to thicken, this takes about 3 minutes. Once thickened, remove from the heat.nAfter the stock has simmered and reduced by 25percent original volume or 1 cup, add the milk and cream and to stir allow the stock and dairy products flavor each other and create a soup base, about 10 minutes.nNext, add the roux to the soup base and stir in ensure smoothness. Finally, add the tuna, squash, zucchini and oregano over mediumlow heat. Continue cooking for 20 minutes. Puree and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 12 cup soda water, 8 cups vegetable oil, 12 fresh sardines, cleaned, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Tonatto Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 sticks butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 pound canned good tuna fish, drained, 12 cup 12inch sliced squash, 12 cup 12inch sliced large zucchini, 2 tablespoons minced fresh oregano], title: Tempura Sardines with Tonnatto Sauce, picturelink: 5s8FCvtGdQR7uqPQmmPdG25oWnsEnWW}, 27843: {instructions: Muddle the cilantro with the lime juice and the Cilantro Simple Syrup in a cocktail shaker. Add 1 cup ice and top with the rum. Cover and shake well. Then pour into a tall thin glass without straining like a Collins glass. Top with a splash of club soda and garnish with the lime wedge on the rim of the glass.nFor the syrup: Combine the sugar with 1 cup water in a small saucepan, and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Once simmering, stir until the sugar dissolves, then remove from the heat. Add the cilantro stems and allow the flavors to infuse and the mixture to cool, at least 15 minutes. Strain out the stems and then store the syrup in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice about 1 lime, 2 tablespoons Cilantro Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces white rum, Club soda, 1 lime wedge, for garnish, 34 cup sugar, 20 cilantro stems, roughly chopped], title: Cilantro Mojito, picturelink: null}, 27844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a glass bakingdish toss the shrimp with the garlic, chiles and olive oil. Cover and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 24 hours. Preheat grill or broiler and cook shrimp, brushing occasionally with marinade, for 2 to 3 minutes per side.nToast seeds and peppercorns in dry skillet. Transfer to grinder and grind. Transfer to food processor and add shallots, garlic, ginger, lime zest and juice, and lemon zest, cilantro, basil and chiles and process to a smooth paste. Season with salt and pepper. At this point mixture can be stored in airtight container up to 1 week. In a bowl combine curry mixture and yogurt, lime juice. Stir.nIn a saucepan, combine tomatoes, sugar, salt, garam masala, serrano, garlic, ginger, and lime zest. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer to food processor and puree, adding oils. Puree until smooth. Season, to taste, and finish off with some lemon juice., ingredients: [2 pounds jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails left on, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh red cayenne chiles, seeded, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Green Curry Sauce, recipe follows, Tomato Chutney Sauce, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped ginger, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt, drained, 12 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and roughly chopped about 2 cups, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 serrano chile, seeded, roughly chopped, 1 garlic clove, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Spicy Shrimp with 2 Sauces, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 27845: {instructions: First chop all of the above to medium sweat all ingredients with oil to cook with no color. Simmer 2030 minutes, then strain.nSecond cook the ground coriander, turmeric and curry powder for 12 minutes. Puree the sake and chicken stock into a hand blender then strain it. Add the cream, coconut milk and butter, then taste., ingredients: [2, 6 ounce fish filets, 6 ounce shallots, 1 ounce ginger, chopped, 38 ounce cloves garlic, 2 Granny Smith apples, 1 Asian pear, 2 leeks white only, 4 ounce onions, 2 bunches of celery, 1 mango, 2 ounce grape seed oil, 12 ounce ground coriander, 1 12 ounce turmeric, 2 ounce curry powder, 24 ounce sake, reduce by 14, 48 ounce chicken stock, reduce by 12, 6 ounce cream, 13 and 12 ounce coconut milk, 1 ounce butter, 1 piece mature coconut, 12 bunch fresh basil purple, if you can find it, Clean California frisee], title: ChilkaStyle PanSeared Black Bass, picturelink: null}, 27846: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, salt and vanilla in a large bowl until combined fold in the coconut.nScoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the coconut mixture about 1 inch apart onto the baking sheet. Use your fingers to form into pyramids bake 10 minutes. Make an indentation in each cookie using the back of a teaspoon fill each with the raspberry jam, then continue baking until golden brown around the edges, 10 to 15 more minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14ounce package sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup raspberry jam], title: Raspberry Thumbprint Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 27847: {instructions: Defrost spinach in microwave. Wrap in clean kitchen towel and wring chopped spinach dry.nPlace a large skillet on the stove over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oilto hot skillet. Add garlic to oil. Add onion and red pepper, cook 1 minute. Lower heat to medium. Add the prosciutto and the spinach. Season with salt and pepper. Add bread crumbs and cheese to spinach. Turn off heat. Let stuffing cool.nTo create the cavity for the stuffing, use a long sharp knife like a boning knife, and cut a 1 to 2inch hole through the center of the roast making a lengthwise slit. Turn the meat around and cut another slit in the same spot so that your knife completes the cavity. Insert a wooden spoon into the cavity to make sure the hole is even and goes all the way through.nPut the cooled filling in a resealable plastic bag and snip a hole in the corner of the bag. Pipe the filling into the cavity. You may need to push it along with your fingers to make sure that it goes all the way through.nPreheat nonstick skillet over high heat. Cut the roast into 6 even slices, being careful to keep the stuffing in each slice. Add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil to the pan. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and sear in hot, nonstick skillet, 2 minutes on first side. Flip the steaks and sear for an additional 2 minutes then lower the heat to mediumhigh and cook until done about 3 to 4 more minutes. Garnish with thinly sliced red pepper., ingredients: [1 10ounce package chopped frozen spinach, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 small onion, chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, 14 chopped, 14 cut into thin strips, for garnish, 2 ounces prosciutto about 3 to 4 slices, cut into ribbons, Coarse salt, Black pepper, 14 cup Italian bread crumbs u2013 eyeball it, 13 cup grated Parmigiano u2013 eyeball it, 2 pound eye round roast, strings cut off, Resealable plastic bag], title: Stuffed Steak with Prosciutto and Spinach, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 27848: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Melt 2 tablespoons I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, vegetables, and Italian seasoning cook until tender. Meanwhile beat remaining 2 tablespoons Spread, eggs and 3 tablespoons water with a wire whisk until foamy, about 1 minute. Stir u00bd cup cheddar cheese into egg mixture Reduce heat to low and stir in egg mixture. Lift set edges of frittata with spatula, tilting pan to allow uncooked mixture to flow to bottom. Cook until almost set. Top with remaining u00bd cup cheese, then broil 2 minutes or until golden brown and eggs are set. Create your own by combining equal amounts dried parsley, dried oregano, and dried basil. If ovenproof skillet is not available, before broiling, thoroughly wrap handle of skillet with heavyduty aluminum foil. Tip: Also makes a great sandwich. Just slice into wedges and serve on crusty whole grain bread, ingredients: [4 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, divided, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 4u00bd cups sliced assorted fresh vegetables, such as zucchini, onions and red peppers, 1 tsp. dried Italian seasoning, 8 eggs, 1 cup shredded low fat cheddar cheese, divided], title: Hearty Veggie Frittata, picturelink: j14B3EtoRxC3uLt8O3nIbaEq.Pn8m}, 27849: {instructions: To make the fish chowder:nIn a heavy saucepan cook bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp and transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off fat and in pan cook onion, carrot, and celery in butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened.nSprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in paprika and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add clam juice, water, and cream and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.nWhile mixture is coming to a boil, peel potato and cut into 14 inch dice. Add potato to mixture and simmer chowder, uncovered, 12 minutes. Stir in fish and simmer until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in parsley, bacon, and salt and pepper.nServe chowder with herbed oyster crackers.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a small saucepan melt butter with thyme, rosemary, and salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring. Add crackers and toss to coat with butter. On a baking sheet arrange crackers in one layer and bake in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until deep golden Yield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped fine, 1 carrot, chopped fine, 1 celery rib, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon paprika, 8 ounces bottled clam juice, 1 cup water, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 russet baking potato about 12 pound, 34 pound firm white fish fillet such as halibut or cod, skin discarded, flesh cut into 1 inch pieces, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, chopped fine, 1 12 cups packaged oyster crackers], title: Fish Chowder with Herbed Oyster Crackers, picturelink: null}, 27850: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare an 11 by 7 by 1 12inch baking pan by lining with parchment paper.nCombine the sugar and cardamom in a small bowl, and mix with a spoon to combine. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff, beat in sugar mixture 1 tablespoon at a time until egg whites are thick and glossy. Add the flour, salt and pistachios, and mix with a spatula to combine. Spread mixture into the prepared pan. Bake in oven for 30 minutes, until firm to touch and top is golden. Cool for 10 minutes on a rack. Reduce oven temperature to 275 degrees F. With an electric knife, or very sharp knife, cut thin slices 14inch thick, 7 inches long and place on a large cookie sheet. Bake 20 to 25 minutes longer, or until crisp, dry, and firm. Store in airtight container., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 6 egg whites, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shelled, unsalted pistachios, 34 cup coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped], title: Persian PistachioCardamom Thins, picturelink: null}, 27851: {instructions: Combine the cabbage, green beans, spinach and cucumber. Make a dressing of the oil, vinegar, mustard to taste and scallions. Season to taste with salt and pepper and combine with the vegetables., ingredients: [8 ounces green cabbage, cored and cut into shreds, 14 pound haricots verts, blanched, 8 spinach leaves, stemmed and cut into shreds, 2 kirby cucumbers, seeded and cut into strips 2 inches long and 14 inch wide, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons tarragon or white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard to taste, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 27852: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 12inch tarte pannPlace the cubed butter in the fridge while you assemble all your ingredients.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, place the flour, a pinch of salt, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like wet sand. Add the cold water and pulse again until the dough just begins to come together in a large lump. Pour the dough into the tarte pan and, using your fingers, press the dough into the pan, forming a crust. Refrigerate the crust while you prepare the apples.nPeel the apples, cut into quarters, core, and then slice thinly. Place in a bowl and toss with the lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt. Remove the crust from the refrigerator and dump the apples onto the crust, spreading them evenly. Brush the whole tarte with melted butter and bake until the tarte is golden and the apples have cooked down a fair amount, about 1 hour. Cool for at least 15 minutes before cutting. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 stick butter, cut into 1inch cubes, plus extra, melted, for brushing, 1 12 cups flour, Salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, divided, 3 tablespoons ice cold water, 3 Granny Smith apples, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Quick Cinnamon Apple Tarte, picturelink: null}, 27853: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the beer to simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low and add the onions.nPreheat a grill to medium.nOver medium coals, grill the brat patties on both sides until cooked through. Add the brat patties to the beer and onions, and cook on low heat, just below simmer, about 140 degrees F. Hold until ready to serve.nWhile the brats are grilling, add the sauerkraut to a saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the butter and water, and cook for about 30 minutes. Set aside. At assembly time, put a brat patty on each roll bottom and top with a few braised onions. Cover the onions with the top of the roll. Put a Swiss cheese triangle on top of each roll and secure with a frill pick. Arrange the rolls on serving plates.nPut a dollop of mustard on each plate and smear it with the back of a spoon. Fill 1ounce shot glasses with sauerkraut and serve next to sliders on the plate. Serve with beer chasers., ingredients: [4 cups beer, plus beer for serving, 1 large onion, sliced, 6 3ounce brat patties, 2 cups sauerkraut, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup water, 6 mini rye rolls, 3 ounces Swiss cheese, cut into triangles, 3 ounces German mustard, Beer, for serving], title: Brat n Brau Sliders, picturelink: RZuwlr3ZMWUfTYik0E.EYC314O99r2}, 27854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the mustard and 14 cup water to a simmer. Whisk in the goat cheese until combined. Set aside the mixture will thicken as it cools.nToast the mini bagels until golden brown and crispy. Set aside.nIn a medium nonstick skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over medium heat. Add 4 slices of the pancetta and cook until golden brown and crispy on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain the pancetta on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining pancetta.nHeat the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small frying pan over mediumlow heat. Crack 4 quail eggs into the pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining eggs.nTo build the PLT: Spread each bagel half with 1 tablespoon of the goat cheese sauce. Layer with a slice of pancetta, a slice of tomato, and some arugula. Top the whole thing with a fried quail egg and a grind of freshly ground black pepper. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, room temperature, 4 mini bagels, split, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 thin slices pancetta, 8 quail eggs, room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Roma tomatoes, cut into 12inch slices, 1 cup baby arugula], title: Breakfast PLT Pancetta, Lettuce  Tomato, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 27855: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to medium.nPull the outer husks down the ear to the base. Strip away the silk from each ear of corn by hand. Fold husks back into place, and place the ears of corn in a large bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon of salt for 10 minutes.nRemove corn from water and shake off excess. Place the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until kernels are tender when pierced with a paring knife. Remove the husks and eat on the cob or remove the kernels. Serve with the BBQ Butter andor Herb Butter. Spread over the corn while hot.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add the onion and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the paprika, cayenne, cumin and ancho powder and cook for 1 minute. Add 12 cup of water and cook until the mixture becomes thickened and the water reduces. Let cool slightly.nPlace the butter in a food processor, add the spice mixture and Worcestershire sauce and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, scrape the mixture into a small bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Bring to room temperature before serving.nCombine in a food processor and process until smooth., ingredients: [8 ears corn, Kosher salt, BBQ Butter, recipe follows, Herb Butter, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 small red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, 1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 12 cup water, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs basil, chives or tarragon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfectly Grilled Corn on the Cob, picturelink: DYhD4uwoLHOpWkr.hqlqVVGNaGVNaUu}, 27856: {instructions: Place the chocolate in a blender. Whisk the milk, 1 cup cream, egg yolks, granulated sugar and salt in a heavybottomed medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a heatproof spatula, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the spatula and almost boiling, 5 to 6 minutes.nImmediately pour the milk mixture over the chocolate in the blender. Cover and hold the lid with a thick kitchen towel blend until combined and smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the blender as needed. Divide the chocolate mixture among ramekins or small cups and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nWhip the remaining 12 cup cream and the confectioners sugar with a mixer or in the blender until soft peaks form. Top the chilled pots de creme with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Gentl  Hyers, ingredients: [9 ounces highquality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 6 large egg yolks, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar add an extra tablespoon if using bitter chocolate, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Pots de Creme, picturelink: sT6qWoGW.4dTEoT4V1SSV1kRmKa}, 27857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cupcakes:nPreheat oven 350 degrees F.nSift together flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder into a bowl and set aside.nIn a mixer fitted with paddle attachment, mix oil, sugar, and buttermilk until combined. Add eggs, food coloring, vinegar, vanilla and water and mix well. Add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time and mix on low, scraping down sides occasionally, and mix until just combined. Be sure not to over mix, or the batter will come out tough.nLine a 16cup cupcake pan with paper liners, scoop the batter into the liners and bake at 350 degrees F for 20 to 30 minutes or until the toothpick comes out clean. Let cool.nFor the cream cheese frosting:nWhip the butter and cream cheese together in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until creamed. Gradually add powdered sugar to the mixture and scrape down the bowl as needed. Add the vanilla and mix until combined.nThe frosting can be used right away, or stored in the refrigerator up to a week.nFrost cooled cupcakes with the cream cheese frosting., ingredients: [15 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 13 ounces granulated sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons, plus 2 teaspoons red food coloring, 1 14 teaspoons vinegar white or apple cider can both work, 1 14 teaspoons vanilla extract, 18 cup water, 1 12 pounds cream cheese, room temperature, 1 pound butter, room temperature, 2 pounds powdered sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: ycg80vRXt0Fh.8dpUQ0pYbwAgfH8i}, 27858: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, cream cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar and 1 tablespoon lime zest in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the lime juice and egg mix until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low, add the flour mixture and beat until combined.nPlace two 12by16inch pieces of parchment paper on a work surface. Divide the dough in half and place each half on a piece of parchment form each into a rough log. Fold the parchment over the dough use a ruler to help you roll and press each piece of dough into a 1by12inch straightsided log. Wrap each log in the parchment and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Combine the remaining 13 cup granulated sugar and 1 12 teaspoons lime zest and the green sanding sugar on a piece of parchment. Unwrap the logs roll in the lime sugar to coat. Slice into 14inchthick squares arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden around the edges, about 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 12 teaspoons finely grated lime zest from about 5 limes, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 large egg, 1 12 teaspoons green sanding sugar], title: Lime Icebox Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 27859: {instructions: For the hot chocolate syrup: Bring the maple syrup and hot chocolate mix to a simmer, whisking constantly, in a small saucepan over medium heat. Continue to simmer until the syrup is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Keep warm.nFor the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, hot chocolate mix, baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the milk, butter, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl. Pour the milkegg mixture into the flour mixture, and gently fold just to combine its OK if there are some lumps.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter when it melts and the foam subsides, pour 14cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, evenly spaced. Cook until the surface of the pancakes begins to bubble and the bottoms have darkened by a few shades, about 4 minutes. Flip the pancakes, and continue to cook until the bottoms have darkened by a few shades and the pancakes are springy when touched in the center, about 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining butter and batter. Keep cooked pancakes warm in a low oven. Serve with the hot chocolate syrup and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Fine salt, 1 14 cups milk, 4 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, plus 4 to 5 tablespoons for the skillet, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Hot Chocolate Pancakes, picturelink: 7v1WB60ua5nNH892li20J1wTBTPT2UO}, 27860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the quinoa: Over mediumhigh heat, bring the broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. As the broth is coming to boil, add the quinoa, then stir and cover. Reduce the heat to a simmer and steam the quinoa until the grains pop, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nFor the peppers: Set a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a drizzle of olive oil and add the turkey, crushed red pepper flakes and garlic. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until well browned, 5 to 7 minutes, while stirring with a wooden spoon and breaking up the pieces. Deglaze with the wine. While the turkey is browning, rinse the peppers and pat dry. With the pepper lying down on its side, cut off the top and remove the seeds and membrane. Repeat for the remaining peppers. Leave the stem on the top for presentation. Set aside.nOnce the turkey is browned, shut off the heat and fold in the quinoa, kale and pepitas. Mix to incorporate all ingredients thoroughly. Check for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper if required.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the panko and Parmesan. Add a drizzle of olive oil to lightly moisten and season with salt and pepper. Set the peppers on a roasting tray cutside up and stuff each with about 13 cup of filling. Top each pepper half with about 2 tablespoons of pankoParmesan topping. Cover loosely with foil, place in the center of the oven and bake for 15 minutes. When the peppers are tender and cooked through, remove the foil and turn on the broiler. Cook under the broiler to brown the panko breadcrumbs and crisp up, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the peppers from the oven and allow to rest before serving.nTo present, place 14 cup of Roasted Tomatillo Avocado Sauce on a plate and place the roasted, stuffed pepper halves in the middle of sauce. Garnish with parsley sprigs.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatillos onto a baking sheet. Toss the tomatillos with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and place into the oven. Roast until nicely charred, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nCombine the tomatillos, 14 cup water, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, avocado, garlic, jalapenos, onions, lime juice and cilantro in a blender and puree until completely smooth. Place in the refrigerator and allow the sauce to settle before serving, so it is smooth., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup red quinoa, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound lean ground turkey, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 clove minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup white wine, 2 large red bell peppers, 2 large green bell peppers, 2 cups lightly packed stemmed and julienned kale leaves, 14 cup toasted pepitas, 1 12 cups finely ground panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Roasted Tomatillo Avocado Sauce, recipe follows, for garnish, Fresh flatleaf parsley sprigs, for garnish, 6 medium tomatillos about 8 ounces, husked, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 ripe avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped and seeds removed, 12 sweet onion, like Maui or Vidallia, rough chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves], title: Turkey and Quinoa Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: SKum3pDxwB4dmL8pf3z8fXFIo1Ler6}, 27861: {instructions: Add to blender: 1 cup strawberries, 1 banana, 1 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup of ice and 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable. Blend on high until smooth.nor 8 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, ingredients: [], title: Fresh Strawberry Banana Sunrise Smoothie, picturelink: Wx2Tm4398WYTMOtMRLz3KHLVzYFkTJ.}, 27862: {instructions: Place flank steak in a pan to marinate. Mix all other ingredients in a bowl and rub all over steak. Let sit at least 1 hour best if it sits overnight. Heat up the grill. Remove excess marinade from meat and mix with 1 more cup of barbecue sauce. Simmer this for several minutes, then keep warm. Grill meat until mediumrare and let rest a few minutes. Slice flank steak across grain of meat into thin slices. Slather with sauce, and serve immediately. Accompany with baked beans and coleslaw., ingredients: [1 flank steak, about 2 lbs., trimmed of fat and sinew, 1 onion, sliced thin, 2 teaspoons mesquite spice mix, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 jar smoky style barbecue sauce 14 cup for marinade, 1 cup to add later, 2 dashes hot sauce, 14 cup bourbon whiskey], title: Whiskey Barbecued Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 27863: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill and split the chicken in 12 from head to tail. Soak the wood chips in water for about 10 minutes. This will prevent the wood chips from burning as soon as they come in contact with the fire. Place the wood chips in the bottom of a grill below the grates. Set the flame on 1 side of the grill to medium and the other side to medium high. Place the chicken, skin side up, on the medium side of the grill. Cover and allow the chicken to smoke and grill at the same time. This should take about 15 to 20 minutes. Allow the chicken to cool completely before shredding the meat off the bones. Reserve for the assembling of the nachos.nForm an assembly line with all of the ingredients. Start with the serving dish, then the chips, chicken, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream, cilantro and chives. Right before they are served, remove the cheese from the freezer. Using a fine side of a box grater, shave the goat cheese over the top of the nachos.nChefs Note: Paper vessels can be purchased at a wholesale restaurant or party supply store. I recommend using individual serving dishes that are 5 inches by 3 inches., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 2 pounds wood chips flavor of choice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 bags vegetable chips or tortilla chips, 2 heirloom tomatoes, diced, 4 jalapenos, sliced very thin, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 1 cup chopped chives, 1 pound goat cheese wrapped in plastic and kept in the freezer], title: Smoked Chicken Nachos, picturelink: null}, 27864: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1liter 4.2 pint pudding mold ovensafe plastic wrapnFor the pudding: Preheat the oven to 330 degrees F. Bring 400 grams 14 18 ounces water to a boil and pour over the dates. Let sit for 2 minutes, then add the baking soda. Blend the date mixture in a food processor, leaving some chunks.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the granulated sugar and butter until soft. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl between additions. Add the flour and baking powder, and mix until combined. Add the date mixture to the batter and mix until combined.nFill the mold threequarters full. Cover with ovensafe plastic wrap. Place the mold in a water bath filled halfway up the sides of the pudding. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: In a saucepot, combine the brown sugar, cream, butter, bourbon and vanilla seeds. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer cook until the sugar dissolves. Keep warm until ready to serve.nPour the warm sauce over the pudding and serve., ingredients: [500 grams 17 23 ounces dates, pitted and chopped, 20 grams 23 ounce baking soda, 250 grams 8 34 ounces granulated sugar, 230 grams 8 18 ounces unsalted butter, 3 eggs, 750 grams 26 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 20 grams 23 ounce baking powder, 700 grams 24 23 ounces brown sugar, 300 grams 10 12 ounces heavy cream, 250 grams 8 34 ounces unsalted butter, 200 grams 7 ounces bourbon, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped], title: Sticky Date Toffee Pudding, picturelink: F.sQ7pz79F1kmNch3j41j2Qij6Z5QFi}, 27865: {instructions: Whisk together all the marinade ingredients in a small bowl. Arrange the swordfish, or another strongly flavored fish, such as mahi mahi or Spanish mackerel in a shallow dish or plastic container, pour the marinade over them, cover, and marinate for 12 to 15 minutes. Grill or broil to desired doneness, serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Salt and pepper, to taste, Lime wedges, as needed, 4 6ounce fish steaks swordfish, mahi mahi, or Spanish mackerel], title: Swordfish Marinade, picturelink: null}, 27866: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a martini shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with star fruit or orange slice., ingredients: [1 shot citrus vodka, 1 shot white cranberry juice, 1 shot passion fruit juice, 12 shot orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon cherry juice, Orange peel twist, for garnish], title: Passion Fruit Martini, picturelink: null}, 27867: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat a grill to high heat.nTo make the fish: fillet the fish and remove all bones You can ask your fishmonger to do this. Season the fish with the olive oil, and salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until the fish has clear grill marks, about 6 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, place on a sheet pan, and finish in the oven.nTransfer to a warmed platter and brush with Herbed Butter Sauce.nTo make the sauce: in a small pan, sweat the shallots in butter. Add the wine, stock, vinegar, and lemon juice and simmer until reduced by half.nStir in 3 tablespoons cream. Add half of the tarragon. Whisk in the cold butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, strain and add remaining tarragon and chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nReserve warm., ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound whole salmon, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Herbed Butter Sauce, recipe follows, 2 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 12 cup cold unsalted butter, 14 cup Chardonnay, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup packed chopped tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons packed chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Salmon with Herbed Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27868: {instructions: In a small bowl, add the powdered sugar, maple syrup and orange liqueur and whisk together until combined. Drizzle on top of your dessert of choice., ingredients: [1 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup pure golden maple syrup, 1 teaspoon orange liqueur], title: MapleOrange Icing, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 27869: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the serrano chiles and tomatoes on a very hot grill and cook until charred, 12 to 15 minutes. Stem the chiles an add to a blender with the whole garlic clove and blend until smooth.nSaute the remaining 2 garlic cloves and the onions in a skillet until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the pork and cook until no longer pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the tomatochile sauce to the pork mixture and heat through.nMeanwhile, place the poblano chile on the grill until its skin is blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove the skin and seeds, keeping the pepper whole.nSaute half the plantains in a skillet until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes and then add the pork mixture. Mix in the almonds, raisins and season with salt. Spoon the pork mixture into the poblano chile.nPut the chile in the oven and bake until heated through, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, blend the remaining plantains with the heavy cream. Spoon the plantain sauce on the bottom of a plate and top with the chile relleno. Sprinkle with the cilantro over the top and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 serrano chiles, stemmed, 2 plum tomatoes, 3 cloves garlic, 1 whole and 2 finely chopped, 12 onion, diced, 6 ounces ground pork, 1 poblano chile, 2 plantains, peeled and diced, 3 tablespoons almonds, toasted, 2 tablespoons raisins, Kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, Freshly chopped cilantro, for garnish], title: Picadillo Chile Relleno, picturelink: K.XSZCbqoOuJeTj2qO7zffs77GCuvuK}, 27870: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, and water. Cook over high heat until mixture boils and reaches 300 degrees F. Remove from heat and allow to stand until bubbles have settled. If desired, add 1 to 2 drops of a flavored oil lemon, peppermint, orange, spearmint and 1 drop of food coloring. Note: work quickly and limit stirring. As recipe begins to cool it will solidify rapidly.nPour into candy molds sprayed with cooking spray. Keep mixture warm on a double boiler. If mixture begins to harden, and becomes thick, it may be warmed in a microwave for a few seconds. When candies are cooled, store in an airtight container or pack individually.nHard candy molds may be purchased at most cake decorating and party supply stores., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup water, 1 to 2 drops flavored oil, optional, 1 drop food coloring, optional], title: Barley Candy, picturelink: null}, 27871: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a heavy baking sheet with coarse salt.nBring the wine to a boil over high heat in a 5quart saucepan. Add the mussels and cover the pan. Steam until the mussels have opened, 2 to 4 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels.nRemove the cooked mussels from their shells, reserving 24 halfshells. Arrange the halfshells in a single layer on top of the salt. Place one cooked mussel in each shell.nIn a small bowl, toss together the breadcrumbs, oil, oregano, mint, parsley, salt and pepper. Top the mussels with the breadcrumb mixture and drizzle with extra olive oil. Broil until the breading is golden, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [Coarse salt, for lining the baking sheet, One 750 ml bottle white wine, such as pinot grigio, 24 mussels, scrubbed, beards removed, 12 cup plain breadcrumbs, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Mussels Oreganata, picturelink: SWUptmKbZcg8hntyubrtdzUgxOMmQRO}, 27872: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpoon two large scoops of ice cream into each of four dessert bowls. Divide the chopped peanuts between the bowls then sprinkle each with some cookie crumbs, drizzle with some caramel sauce, and top with a dollop of whipped cream. Serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the sandwich cookies to a food processor and pulse to coarse crumbs. Spread the crumbs out evenly on a baking sheet and drizzle with the melted butter. Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool completely. Use crumbs as an ice cream topping, for crunch.nCombine the brown sugar, butter, cream and salt in a medium saucepan. Stirring constantly, bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the mixture is smooth and saucy, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 quart coffee ice cream, softened, 12 cup chopped salted peanuts, Cookies n Cream Crumbs, for sprinkling, recipe follows, Caramel Sauce, for drizzling, recipe follows, Whipped cream, for topping, 1 package 36 cookies chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, 1 stick 12 cup butter, melted, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pats, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, Pinch kosher salt], title: Ice Cream Sundae with Homemade Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 0oKK4AMn9HMMxCUJ6jR5p5aa0deP4lm}, 27873: {instructions: For the chicken and rub: In a smoker with hickory or other hardwood, bring the wood to smoke and maintain a temperature of 175 to 180 degrees F.nIn a bowl, blend the paprika, salt, cayenne, cumin and garlic powder well. Next, season the chicken halves with the rub, both on the skins and in the interiors. Place in the smoker for 2 hours. The smoker temperature should be maintained between 165 and 170 degrees F for the cooking period. Remove the chicken from the racks and allow to rest until cooled, for a minimum of 2 hours.nFor the sauce: In a bowl with a whisk, mix together the ketchup, vinegar, mustard and horseradish.nTo reheat and glaze the chicken, preheat the grill. Evenly coat the skins of the chicken halves with the butter and salt. Grill until crisp, about 3 minutes. Flip and finish reheating for 4 minutes. During this period, glaze the skins with 2 tablespoons of the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 chickens, halved and back bones removed 3 to 4pound whole chickens, 1 cup ketchup use a brand without highfructose corn syrup, 12 cup white balsamic or apple cider vinegar, 13 cup stoneground mustard, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon salt], title: BBQ Glazed Smoked Chicken, picturelink: Gv.CdMqE02Dp8yqHK5BlGxo3abz8EDe}, 27874: {instructions: Prepare a bowl of ice water. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the basil and parsley in a sieve and plunge it into the boiling water, pushing the leaves down into the water and stirring them so they blanch evenly. Blanch for 15 seconds, then plunge the herbs into the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain immediately, squeeze the herbs dry, and roughly chop.nIn a blender, puree the herbs with the oil, pine nuts, garlic, salt, pepper, and ascorbic acid. When well blended, add the cheese and whir briefly just to mix. Transfer to a bowl and adjust the seasoning. Store the pesto in a small, covered container in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 weeks. Or freeze the pesto for as long as 1 month.nNote: I always toast pine nuts on a baking sheet in the oven. They tend to burn in a saute pan on the stove., ingredients: [3 cups lightly packed fresh basil, 1 cup lightly packed Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup pure olive oil, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts, see note, 1 teaspoon minced garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon powdered ascorbic acid vitamin C, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Blanched Basil Pesto, picturelink: null}, 27875: {instructions: Wash, dry, and core romaine. Tear or shred crosswise into 12inch wide strips or bitesize pieces. Wrap in paper towels. Chill for at least 1 hour.nIn a large wooden salad bowl sprinkle garlic cloves with salt. Using back of salad spoon, squash garlic and salt and mix into paste. Add pepper, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, and mustard. Whisk to mix. Whisk in lemon juice and chicken broth. Slowly whisk in olive oil until well blended and smooth.nJust before serving, add lettuce, bread cubes, and Parmesan cheese to salad bowl. Toss to thoroughly combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 teaspoon each salt and freshly ground black pepper and sugar, 1 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce and Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tablespoons each fresh lemon juice and fatfree reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 cups baked bread cubes or croutons, 14 cup grated Parmesan Cheese], title: Caesar, Mississippi, Salad, picturelink: null}, 27876: {instructions: In a large pan with straight sides on medium heat add the oil. Add the garlic to the hot oil. Saute until garlic is softened and fragrant and has infused the oil.nAdd the mustard greens. Season the greens with salt, and pepper, and saute while tossing to wilt. Once wilted add the chicken stock and stir. Raise heat to a simmer, then lower and cook for about 5 minutes more.nStir in the ground mustard. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bunches mustard greens, stemmed and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard], title: Simple Sauteed Mustard Greens, picturelink: fTQL2D652PfOQMGOqSfyQuiXe2iCNU6}, 27877: {instructions: Poach sausage: Place sausage in saucepan with cold water to cover. Bring slowly to boil. Boil for 2 minutes. Remove and peel off skin.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Stuff chicken with sausage and truss with string. Season with salt and pepper. Place in ovenproof dish add 14 cup white wine and butter. Bake 1 hour.nOnce roasted, remove string and set chicken aside. Heat pan juices in saucepan over moderate heat. Add grapes. Mix arrowroot with remaining wine and add to juices to thicken. To serve, place chicken on warmed platter and pour sauce on top., ingredients: [1 pound bratwurst sausage, 1 3 pound chicken, boned, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 34 pound grapes, peeled, 1 teaspoon arrowroot], title: Murray Bridge Chicken, picturelink: null}, 27878: {instructions: Warm 14 cup of the olive oil in a small saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, crushing them well with the back of a slotted spoon or by squeezing them through your fingers while adding them to the pan. Season with salt and pepper, and stir in the basil. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. Drain half of the olive oil from the canned tuna. Flake the tuna into the tomato sauce. Cover and simmer to heat through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside while the pasta cooks. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, following the package instructions. Drain, then toss the pasta with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add about 3 ladlesful of sauce and continue tossing. Distribute evenly among four dinner plates. Ladle the remaining sauce on top, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped onions, 4 cups canned whole plum tomatoes about one 35ounce can, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh basil leaves, One 6ounce can Italian tuna packed in olive oil, 1 pound spaghetti or linguine], title: Spaghetti con Pomodoro e Tonno, picturelink: null}, 27879: {instructions: To make Gingerbread Simple Syrup, mix sugar, water, molasses, gingerroot, cinnamon sticks and cloves in 1quart saucepan. Heat to boiling over mediumhigh heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat set aside 1 hour to cool. Strain into glass jar discard spices. Cover jar, and refrigerate until needed. Makes about 1 12 cups.nTo garnish glass, moisten rim of chilled martini glass with orange wedge. Sprinkle brown sugar onto small plate, and dip moistened rim into the sugar to coat lightly.nTo prepare cocktail, fill cocktail shaker with ice. Add gingerbread simple syrup, vodka, halfandhalf and coffee liqueur cover and shake. Pour into martini glass., ingredients: [strong, Gingerbread Simple Syrup:, strong, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons light molasses, 1inch piece fresh gingerroot, peeled, sliced, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, Gingerbread Cookie Cocktail:, Orange wedge, Brown sugar, 1 oz Gingerbread Simple Syrup 2 tablespoons, 1 oz vanilla vodka 2 tablespoons, 1 oz halfandhalf 2 tablespoons, 12 oz coffee liqueur 1 tablespoon], title: Gingerbread Cookie Cocktail, picturelink: EU0w27.Rbdc5qhWS6uBwM9aoc9mqy}, 27880: {instructions: Cut cod into 1 12inch thick steaks. Pat dry. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil, and 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Saute each steak for 4 minutes on each side. Remove fish from pan and keep warm.nPlace the onions in the skillet and saute until brown. Add the wine and chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking until volume is reduced by 12. Return fish to skillet and cook for 2 minutes over medium heat. Remove fish and place on a warm platter.nIn the skillet, whisk in the remaining butter. Add the julienned gherkins, capers, and chopped parsley. Spoon the finished sauce over the fish and serve., ingredients: [1 4 pound whole codfish, cleaned, scaled and filleted, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 4 tablespoons, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup white wine, plus 12 cup, 34 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 ounces sour gherkins, julienned, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Miroton de Cabillaud, picturelink: null}, 27881: {instructions: Cut the chicken legs into pieces  thighs, drumsticks, wings, and drop into a bowl. Peel and rough chop the garlic, and add to a large bowl. Rough slice the ginger into long thin slices, and add to the bowl. Toss in the chicken pieces and mix together. Add a good tablespoon or two of your favorite jerk seasoning spice rub into the bowl, and mix with your hands to coat the chicken really well. Cover the bowl, and let rest in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours, or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut a large pan on high heat. Add a good layer of oil a little more than just coating the pan. When the oil is hot enough, add the chicken. You should hear a sizzle as the meat hits the pan. Let the chicken pieces brown for about 5 to 6 minutes on one side. Then gently flip them over, and place the pan in the oven for about 10 more minutes of roasting, to make sure the chicken pieces are cooked through.nJulienne the bell pepper, carrots, green onions and celery, and drop into a large mixing bowl. Add the cilantro.nWhen the chicken comes out of oven, remove the chicken from pan, and set aside.nPut the pan over medium heat, and pour the ginger beer into the pan to deglaze it, stirring up all the brown bits. Add the cinnamon and Kaffir lime leaves, and let simmer for a couple of minutes, and then add the butter, and stir in.nToss the chicken pieces with the vegetables, and the juice of a lime. Plate up in a mound, and drizzle the sauce over top, and place 2 or 3 fried dumplings on the side. Add a couple of lime wedges, for garnish.nPour 12 to 1inch of vegetable oil into a heavybottom saucepan, and heat until sizzling hot.nIn a large bowl, mix together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar. Work in the cold butter with your hands, rubbing the butter bits into the flour, breaking them up and aiming for small peasize pieces.nAdd the milk to make a loose dough that will barely hold its shape without running off a spoon. Drop by large spoonful into the hot oil, and fry about 3 minutes per side, or until nicely browned but not too dark. When you bite into it the crust should be crunchy but the inside soft and tender.nServe the warm dumplings beside the Jerk Chicken., ingredients: [3 whole chicken legs and 3 wings, 1 head garlic, 1 3 to 4inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 tablespoon Jerk seasoning, Canola oil, for frying, 12 sweet red bell pepper, seeded, 3 small carrots, 2 green onions, 3 stalks celery with leaves, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 34 cup Jamaican Ginger Beer, Dash ground cinnamon, 3 Kaffir lime leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons or a nub of butter, 2 limes, Crunch Fried Dumplings, recipe follows, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoon cold butter, cubed, 1 14 cups milk], title: Jerk Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 27882: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the Meyer lemon butter: In a small saucepan, reduce the Meyer lemon juice until slightly syrupy. Stir in the heavy cream. Whisk in the cold cubed butter a few pieces at a time, not allowing the sauce to become cold or too hot to touch by hand. When all of the butter is incorporated, strain the sauce. If the sauce separates, pulse with an immersion blender to emulsify. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the hash: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, salt it generously. Trim the root end of the leek and halve lengthwise. Rinse very well under running water to flush out any grit trapped between the leaves. Slice leeks into 14inchthick pieces, put in a small strainer and dip in the boiling water. Cook until just tender, about 3 minutes, then plunge strainer and leeks in an ice water bath to cool. Drain and pat dry leeks, set aside. Repeat this procedure with the diced sweet potatoes, blanch until almost tender, about 3 minutes, then cool in the ice bath. Drain and pat dry, set aside.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the blanched Hayman sweet potatoes leeks, sweat until very tender about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the leeks continue to cook until heated through. Add the crab and country ham, stirring gently until heated through. Add the fines herbes at the last minute. Season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. Set aside and keep warm while you prepare the fish.nFor the rockfish: Score the skin side of the fillets with a sharp knife, taking care not to cut too far into the flesh of the fish. Season with salt and white pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, and add the clarified butter. Add the rockfish skin side down, sear until skin is golden and crisp, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, add the butter and thyme and bake until just cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes.nIn a bowl or plate, drizzle the warm Meyer lemon butter in a circle just inside the rim. Gently place the warm blue crab hash in the center of the plate. Place the rockfish on top of the hash with the crispy skin side up. Garnish with Meyer lemon segments or slices, if desired., ingredients: [12 Meyer lemons, juiced and strained, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 4 tablespoons cold butter, cut into small cubes, 4 tablespoons butter, 6 small leeks, tough outer leaves discarded, 2 Hayman or other variety sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into small dice, 1 pound jumbo lump blue crab, picked over, 8 ounces country ham, sliced very thin recommended: Kites, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh fines herbes chervil, chives, parsley, tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 4 7ounce rockfish fillets, patted dry, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 small bunch fresh thyme leaves, Meyer lemon segments or slices, for garnish, optional], title: Crispy Skinned Chesapeake Bay Rockfish with Hayman Sweet Potato, Virginia Country Ham and Blue Crab Hash, Melted Leeks and Meyer Lemon Butter, picturelink: null}, 27883: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, 14 cup Parmesan cheese and eggs in large bowl set aside.nCombine Sauces in medium bowl.nSpread 1 cup sauce mixture in 13 x 9inch baking dish. Layer 4 lasagna noodles, then 1 cup sauce mixture and 12 of the ricotta mixture repeat. Top with remaining 4 noodles, then sauce mixture and remaining 14 cup Parmesan cheese.nCover with aluminum foil and bake 50 minutes. Remove foil and bake an additional 10 minutes or until bubbling. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.nCost per recipe: 20.57.nCost per serving: 2.57.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [2 containers 15 oz. ea. ricotta cheese, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese about 8 oz., 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 eggs, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Alfredo Sauce, 12 lasagna noodles, cooked and drained], title: Lasagna With Creamy Pink Sauce, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 27884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the parsnips, garlic, and olive oil on a baking sheet and season with salt, to taste. Roast until the edges are golden and caramelized, about 20 to 25 minutes. If a check during roasting reveals the bottom of the parsnips are cooking faster than the top, give them a toss and return the baking sheet to the oven.nWhen the parsnips and garlic are roasted, put them into a food processor with the butter, 14 cup of the heavy cream and a pinch of nutmeg. Blend the mixture until smooth, and if needed add a bit more heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the puree to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 parsnips, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 to 12 cup heavy cream, room temperature, Pinch ground nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Holiday Parsnip Puree, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 27885: {instructions: Make the curry: Heat the vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and jalapeno. Cook, stirring, until sizzling, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it dissolves into the oil, about 1 minute. Add the curry powder, garam masala and cinnamon stick. Cook, stirring, until the spices darken, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, the cauliflower and chickpeas. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the cauliflower is almost tender, about 6 minutes.nAdd the quartered tomatoes to the pot. Simmer, uncovered, until the tomatoes soften, about 5 minutes. Add the corn, heavy cream and honey. Simmer until the cauliflower is tender and the tomatoes break down, about 7 minutes. Season with salt. Remove the cinnamon stick.nMeanwhile, make the tomato yogurt: Mix the grated tomato, lime juice, yogurt, 14 cup cilantro and the scallions in a bowl season with salt. Top each serving of curry with the tomato yogurt and the remaining cilantro. Serve with naan.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno pepper remove seeds for less heat, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 1 12 tablespoons garam masala, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 pounds plum tomatoes, quartered, 3 ears of corn, kernels cut off about 2 cups, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt, 1 tomato, grated, Juice of 1 lime, 34 cup 2 percent Greek yogurt, 13 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Grilled or toasted naan bread, for serving], title: TomatoCauliflower Curry with Corn, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 27886: {instructions: Special equipment: Ice pop moldsnCut 6 cups strawberries in half, then slice the remaining 1 cup strawberries. Divide the sliced strawberries among 18 3ounce pop molds. Set the halved strawberries aside.nIn a blender, combine the remaining strawberries and mint leaves, agave, lime juice, and rum, if using. With the motor running, gradually add the seltzer water and blend until the mixture becomes smooth enough to pour.nDivide the mixture among the prepared molds and top with the remaining 14 cup mint. Add the ice pop sticks to the molds. Freeze 4 to 6 hours or until solid., ingredients: [7 cups strawberries, hulled, 1 14 cups chopped fresh mint leaves, 5 tablespoons agave nectar, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup rum, optional, 2 cups seltzer water], title: Strawberry Mojito Ice Pops, picturelink: null}, 27887: {instructions: Boil a very large pot of water. Salt it and add the lobsters head first. Put the lid on the pot and boil until bright red and cooked, about 12 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water.nWhile the lobster is cooking, peel the grapefruits to the quick, cutting first the top and bottom off, then cutting the skin off around them, removing all the pith. Cut the grapefruit sections with a knife into a large bowl to catch the juice, and squeeze the remaining juice out of the membrane into the bowl as well.nTo remove the lobster meat, twist off the claws. Use the back of a chefs knife to crack both sides of the claws. Pull off the shell and reserve the meat. Use a pick to pull the meat out of the tubelike limbs attached to the claws. Now, twist the tails off the bodies. Lay them flat on their side and press down to crack the center. Pull out the meat. Discard the bodies and shells, or use them to make lobster bisque.nChop the lobster meat into large chunks for the salad and add it to the grapefruit. Cut the avocado and add it to the bowl, along with a generous squeeze of lemon to keep its color. Chop the green onions, including the green parts, and add along with the parsley leaves. Add the oil and season with salt and pepper.nToss. Taste, adjusting the seasonings and adding a little lemon zest if you like and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 live lobsters, about 1 12 pounds675 g each, 2 large grapefruits, 1 avocado, Squeeze of lemon, 2 to 3 green onions, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons almond, hazelnut or walnut oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lobster and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 27888: {instructions: Chill watermelon in the freezer for 30 minutes. Put all the ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth. Finish with a squeeze of fresh lemon. Serve very cold in a chilled glass, and garnish with watermelon or lemon slices.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [8 cups diced watermelon about 12 of a small watermelon, plus slices for garnish, 8 ounces lemon vodka, chilled, 7 ounces simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 17.5ounce can coconut juice, 1 lemon, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Summer Watermelon Situation, picturelink: 8noupu6Dt.TMW2aGWMbJNx4RM0Huy8i}, 27889: {instructions: Make the dipping sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. Let it sit for the flavors to develop while the fish cooks.nPreheat the grill. Squeeze the lime juice into a large bowl and throw in the halves. Add the soy sauce, chiles, ginger, cilantro, and mint season with salt and pepper and give it a good stir. Place the salmon in the center of the banana leaf and stuff it with the lime juice mixture. Fold the banana leaf over the fish to completely encase it and tie closed with kitchen string. Place onto a mediumhot grill. Cook until the fish is cooked through, about 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 limes, juiced, 1 red chile, halved, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, halved, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 limes, halved, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 red chiles, chopped, 1 2inch piece ginger, sliced thick, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, 12 bunch fresh mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4pound whole salmon, cleaned and scaled, 1 large banana leaf], title: Grilled Banana Leaf Wrapped Salmon, picturelink: null}, 27890: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 large bricks wrapped in aluminum foil and a pair of sharp kitchen shearsnCombine the tangerine juice, lemon juice, canola oil, honey, coriander seeds, thyme and garlic in a large storage container. Whisk to combine.nPlace 1 chicken, breastside down, on a plastic cutting board and cut out the backbone with a pair of sharp kitchen shears. Reserve the backbone in a plastic storage bag and save for a later use such as homemade chicken stock. Turn the chicken over and use your hands to gently press down on the breast to crack the breast bone so that it lays flat. Add the butterflied chicken to the container with the marinade. Repeat the process with the remaining chicken and nestle the birds side by side in the marinade, making sure that they are completely submerged. Cover with a lid and marinate in the refrigerator, flipping once halfway through, at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumlow to medium heat. While the grill heats up, remove the chickens from the marinade and pat fairly dry with paper towels. There should be a light coating of marinade on the chickens but not too much because excess oil will cause flareups on the grill. Discard the marinade. Season the chickens liberally on all sides with salt and pepper and tuck the wings under the breasts.nPlace the chickens, breastside down, on the hot grill and set 2 bricks on top of each chicken. Cook until the skin is light golden brown and crispy, about 25 minutes. Use tongs to carefully remove the bricks. Flip the chickens, return the bricks to the chickens and continue grilling until an instantread thermometer inserted in to the thickest part of each chicken registers 165 degrees F, about 25 minutes more.nWhile the chicken is cooking, add the tangerines to the grill, cutside down. Grill until the flesh is deeply charred in spots, about 10 minutes. Remove from the grill and cool slightly.nTo serve, cut each chicken into 10 pieces and transfer them to a large platter. Nestle the grilled tangerines around the chicken pieces and top with the sprigs of mint. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups goodquality storebought tangerine juice, 1 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 large lemons, 1 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, lightly crushed, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 large cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 2 whole chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tangerines, halved crosswise, any visible seeds removed and discarded, 6 small sprigs fresh mint], title: Tangerine Chicken Under a Brick, picturelink: AlPqp02JG4Jz7XQ0E5RbmMhvhO.zBti}, 27891: {instructions: Special equipment: piping bag with decorating tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the granulated sugar and eggs until light yellow in color, about 3 minutes. Mix in the oil until combined. Add the sifted ingredients and mix until incorporated. Mix in the buttermilk. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the cranberry sauce, orange zest, vanilla, red coloring and apples and mix until incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool 15 minutes, and then pull them from the pans and place on a cooling rack or baking sheet to cool completely.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, cream the butter. Add the cream cheese and mix until fully incorporated. Slowly add the confectioners sugar while the mixer is on low speed. Add the vanilla and salt and whip at medium speed until creamy. Add the beets and mix until incorporated.nPut the frosting in a pasty bag with the desired decorating tip. Pipe one low swirl of frosting on top of each cupcake. Sprinkle with 4 to 5 pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 14 cups granulated sugar, 6 eggs, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups cranberry sauce, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 drops red coloring, 4 Red Delicious apples, chopped, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 4 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 12 teaspoon salt, About 1 cup pureed beets, 4 ounces pomegranate seeds], title: Red Deliciousness, picturelink: M73WTJqWE6767s2cr5HlIcWcOGMMZ6S}, 27892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice tenderloin lengthwise, being careful not to cut through to other side. Split meat into 1 large, flat piece. Spread mustard over both sides of the meat and rub in the pepper, pressing gently so it adheres well. Cut meat crosswise into 4 even portions.nIn large skillet, heat oil over medium flame. Put tenderloin in the pan and cook for about 10 minutes or until an instantread thermometer registers 155 degrees F, turning once. Transfer meat to a plate and tent with foil to keep it warm. Add chicken broth and wine to pan and cook over mediumhigh heat, scraping up any bits that have stuck to the pan. Continue to cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until sauce is reduced to about a half cup. Pour sauce over meat, season with salt, and serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds pork tenderloin, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, coarsely ground or crushed, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup dry red wine, Salt], title: Pork Au Poivre, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 27893: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPat the beef dry with a paper towel. Season the roast all over with 1 tablespoon salt and 1 12 teaspoons pepper. Dredge the whole roast in flour, including the ends. In a large Dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the roast and sear for 4 to 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Turn and sear the other side and then turn and sear the ends. This should take 4 to 5 minutes for each side. Remove the roast to a large plate.nAdd 2 tablespoons olive oil to the Dutch oven. Add the carrots, onions, celery, leeks, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper and cook over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender but not browned. Add the wine and Cognac and bring to a boil. Add the tomatoes, chicken stock, bouillon cube, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Tie the thyme and rosemary together with kitchen string and add to the pot. Put the roast back into the pot, bring to a boil, and cover. Place in the oven for 2 12 hours, until the meat is fork tender or about 160 degrees F internally. Turn the heat down to 250 degrees F after about an hour to keep the sauce at a simmer.nRemove the roast to a cutting board. Remove the herb bundle and discard. Skim off as much fat as possible from the sauce. Transfer half the sauce and vegetables to a blender or a food processor fitted with the steel blade and puree until smooth. Pour the puree back into the pot, place on the stovetop over low heat, and return the sauce to a simmer. Place 2 tablespoons flour and the butter in a small bowl and mash them together with a fork. Stir into the sauce and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring until thickened. Taste for seasonings. Remove the strings from the roast, and slice the meat. Serve warm with the sauce spooned over it., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound prime boneless beef chuck roast, tied, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, Good olive oil, 2 cups chopped carrots 4 carrots, 2 cups chopped yellow onions 2 onions, 2 cups chopped celery 4 stalks, 2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts 2 to 4 leeks, 5 large garlic cloves, peeled and crushed, 2 cups good red wine, such as Burgundy, 2 tablespoons Cognac or brandy, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes in puree, 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 3 branches fresh thyme, 2 branches fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Company Pot Roast, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 27894: {instructions: Butter an 8inch by 8inch baking pan.nPut the sugar, 2 cups water, and cardamom into a saucepan, and bring to a boil. Boil until thick syrup forms a thread when pinched between thumb and forefinger, about 15 minutes. Let the mixture cool slightly.nMelt the butter in a large skillet and add the chickpea flour. Cook over mediumlow heat until it turns a deep golden brown, about 8 minutes. Stir this mixture into the syrup along with half the pistachios and press into the baking pan. Sprinkle the top with the rest of the pistachios and let set for about 1 hour. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 34 cup butter, 2 cups chickpea flour, 12 cup chopped pistachios], title: Vesan, picturelink: null}, 27895: {instructions: Rinse the basil well and pat dry. In a food processor, puree basil with garlic until coarsely chopped. While the processor is running, slowly drizzle in the oil and process until finely pureed. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nUSES: Grill or broil some sword fish and each portion with a tablespoonful or so of basil puree. Spoon a tablespoonful or so into each portion of canned vegetable soup., ingredients: [4 cups packed fresh basil leaves about 8 ounces weighed with stems on, 4 to 5 peeled cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, About 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, For each 14 cup, add 2 tablespoons chopped pine nuts and or 2 to 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Fresh Basil Paste, picturelink: null}, 27896: {instructions: Combine vegetables in bowl and dress with vinegar, extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 Roma or plum tomatoes, halved and thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cubanelle peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Tomato, Pepper and Onion Salad, picturelink: i9Sc.RRGReoug3hBTMgIaUQCKTL0Wy}, 27897: {instructions: Heat 13 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar is dissolved chill. Puree the cold syrup with 1 cup fresh mint and 12 cup fresh cilantro, then strain. Rub the rims of 4 rocks glasses with a slice of jalapeno and a lime wedge dip in salt and then in sugar. Fill with ice. Combine half of the herb syrup, the juice of 1 lime and 12 cup tequila in a shaker shake, then strain into 2 glasses. Repeat. Top the drinks with ginger beer.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Green Hornet, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 27898: {instructions: To make the cake, grease 2 9 by 2inch round cake pans with shortening and line bottoms with parchment rounds. Grease parchment and dust each pan with 1 tablespoon flour, shaking out excess. Set pans aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the eggs, liqueur, and hazelnut extract until blended and set aside.nIn a large bowl of an electric stand mixer, gently combine on low speed 3 13 cups flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and hazelnuts until blended. Add the butter and sour cream and beat on low speed until dry ingredients are moistened.nIncrease speed to medium and beat for 2 12 minutes, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. In 3 separate additions, add the egg mixture to the batter, beating for 30 seconds after each addition. Divide batter evenly into the prepared pans and bake on the center rack for 40 to 45 minutes or until a cake tester inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans for 10 minutes. Remove from pans, discard parchment and cool cakes completely on wire racks, 1 to 2 hours.nTo make the hazelnut filling, in a medium saucepan melt the butter over medium heat.nSprinkle with flour and whisk until smooth. Reduce heat to mediumlow, add the sugar and cream and cook, whisking constantly, for 7 to 10 minutes or until mixture is thickened. Stir in the hazelnuts, salt, liqueur, hazelnut extract, and chocolate and cook just until chocolate melts. Set aside in a bowl and cool completely.nTo make the chocolate buttercream frosting, melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler over medium heat until smooth. Set aside, off the heat, and cool completely. In a large bowl whisk together the sugar and egg whites until blended. Place the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water and whisk until mixture reaches 140 degrees F.nRemove mixture to a large bowl of a stand mixture with a whisk attachment and beat on low speed for 1 minute to cool slightly. Increase speed to high and beat for 4 minutes or until mixture is cool to the touch and doubled in volume. Reduce speed to low and add the softened butter 1 tablespoon at a time, beating well after each addition, until all of the butter has been added. Continue to beat until mixture looks smooth. Fold in the melted chocolate and the hazelnut extract and beat until fluffy.nTo assemble the cake, split each cake layer horizontally in half to make 4 separate layers. Spread equal amounts of the hazelnut filling between each layer and frost top and sides of cake with the buttercream. To garnish, press chopped hazelnuts onto the sides of the cake. Using a pastry bag fitted with a star tip, pipe rosettes around the top rim using remaining frosting. Place whole hazelnuts and chocolate curls on the top of the cake.nTip: To make this cake an easier undertaking, take the time to search out hazelnuts that have already been peeled. If peeled nuts are unavailable, working in batches, boil nuts in 2 cups water along with 2 tablespoons baking soda for 1 to 2 minutes.nRun nuts under water and slip off skins. Dry the nuts well and toast on a baking sheet in a 350 degree F oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool and finely chop and proceed with recipe. If you purchase the nuts already peeled, toast in a 350 degree F oven for only 15 minutes., ingredients: [Shortening, for greasing pans, 2 tablespoons cake flour, plus 3 13 cups, divided, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 13 cup hazelnutflavored liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon finegrain sea salt, 1 cup peeled, toasted and finely chopped or ground hazelnuts, 3 sticks 24 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup peeled, toasted and finely chopped hazelnuts, 14 teaspoon finegrain sea salt, 1 tablespoon hazelnutflavored liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract, 2 tablespoons finely chopped bittersweet chocolate or chocolate disks, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped or chocolate disks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup egg whites, at room temperature from 7 to 8 large eggs, 4 sticks 32 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract, 2 cups peeled, toasted and finely chopped hazelnuts, 8 whole peeled, toasted hazelnuts, 8 milk chocolate curls], title: Triple Hazelnut Cake with Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: null}, 27899: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In 3 quart saucepan, combine butter, salt, 1 12 cups milk and water and heat to boiling over a medium high heat. Gradually stir in grits, beating constantly with wire whisk to prevent lumps. Reduce heat cover and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes grits will be very stiff. Remove saucepan from heat and blend in cheese.nIn a large bowl, mix hot pepper sauce, pepper eggs, and remaining 2 cups milk until blended. Gradually stir grits mixture into the egg mixture.nGrease shallow 2 12 quart casserole. Pour grits mixture into casserole. Bake, uncovered, 45 minutes, or until knife inserted in the center comes out clean, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups milk, 2 cups water, 1 14 cups quick cooking grits, 1 package 8 ounces shredded cheddar cheese 2 cups, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 14 teaspoon pepper, 5 large eggs], title: Puffy Cheddar Grits, picturelink: null}}