{27900: {instructions: For Tempura Batter: Whisk together ingredients. Can be used for up to 1 hour. Keep coldnFor Crabs: Heat 14inch of corn or peanut oil in a heavy skillet until very hot but not smoking. Fry the crabs in batches for about 2 minutes on the first side, then turn and fry for another minute. The crust should be golden. Be prepared the crabs will split when you fry them a splatter screen will come in handy.nDrain on paper towels and serve with dipping sauces.nFor Balsamic Syrup: Put all ingredients together and reduce over medium heat, down to 14 of its liquid. Strain and discard onion.nFor Red Pepper Syrup: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan. Reduce down to 34 of a cup. Thicken with the arrowroot.nFor Wasabi Cream: Dissolve Wasabi in water. Whisk in creme fraiche and lemon juice. Season with salt., ingredients: [corn or peanut oil, for frying, softshell crabs, 34 cup flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup seltzer water, ice cold, Salt and cayenne pepper, to taste, 2 12 cups Balsamic vinegar, 1 cup Port wine, 1 onion, diced, 3 cups red pepper juice, 14 cup honey, 1 cup Port wine, Salt, to taste, 14 teaspoon arrowroot, 14 cup Wasabi powder, 14 cup water, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt, to taste], title: Soft Shell Crab with Tempura Batter and Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 27901: {instructions: A few hours before beginning the slow cooking of the ribs, make the rub by combining garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, paprika, mustard, and salt in a bowl and mixing well. Rub the mix into the meat and let sit for at least an hour. The mixture will begin to cure the meat.nAbout 30 minutes before beginning to barbecue, heat the grill.nWrap ribs in heavy duty aluminum foil and place on the grill over indirect heat and slowly cook for about 2 hours, turning occasionally.nWhile the ribs are cooking, begin the sauce on the stovetop. Combine apple juice, tomato juice, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce and barbecue sauce in a saucepan, stirring to mix well. Simmer over low heat until it beings to thicken. Let simmer for 12 hour. Reserve about 1 cup to serve on the side with the ribs, and use the rest to brush on the ribs as they barbecue.nWhen the meat begins to become fork tender, unwrap ribs and begin brushing on the sauce. Continue to apply the sauce to the ribs during the barbeque process. When ribs are able to pull apart, they are ready., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 large racks 4 pounds or more pork ribs, 12 cup apple juice, 12 cup tomato juice, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup hot sauce, 1 cup barbecue sauce your choice], title: Super Spicy Ribs, picturelink: null}, 27902: {instructions: In a large pot over high heat, bring 6 cups water to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Steep for 10 minutes, remove the tea bags, and let cool. Pour into a clean container and chill.nFill 4 tall glasses with ice. Pour the tea threequarters of the way up and top each with sweetened condensed milk. Serve garnished with an orange slice. For the adults, top with vodka., ingredients: [4 tea bags, black or orange pekoe, 1 12ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 orange, sliced, for garnish, 4 ounces orange vodka optional], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 27903: {instructions: Squeeze an orange wheel, cherry, and lemon wedge into shaker, add ingredients, shake and strain in a martini glass. Cola will lose its effervescence. Garnish with an orange wheel., ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff Citrus Vodka, 0.5 oz. almond liqueur, 2.5 oz. cola, 1 pieces cherry], title: Madrid Martini, picturelink: null}, 27904: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a food processor, blend flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and pepper briefly about 3 pulses. Add butter and process to a mealy consistency. Add herbs, cheese, and roasted red peppers, processing briefly to combine. Transfer mixture into a large bowl, add 1 cup buttermilk and stir to moisten. If needed, add more buttermilk, up to 14 cup.nPlace dough on a floured surface and form into a disk, 34 to 1inch in thickness. Cut into wedges, brush top of each wedge with egg wash. Place on a cookie sheet and bake for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Place on rack and let cool to room temperature., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 8 tablespoons cold butter, cut into 14inch cubes, 13 cup fresh chives, 12 cup grated cheddar, 13 cup roasted, peeled, and diced small red bell pepper, 13 cup roasted, peeled, and diced small yellow bell pepper, 1 to 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 egg, beaten], title: Roasted Red Pepper Scones, picturelink: null}, 27905: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners. Spray the liners with baking spray.nCut a 2inch round from each slice of bread and toast in the oven on a baking sheet until lightly browned. Save the rest for breadcrumbs. Place a piece of toast in the bottom of each cup and set aside.nCook the ground beef in a 10inch skillet over medium heat until browned, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Stir in 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Drain off any fat, if necessary, and place the beef in a medium bowl set aside.nWipe out the skillet with a paper towel and cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp, turning once, about 6 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels.nRemove all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat from the skillet and add the onions. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the onions are very soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in the mustard and relish. Stir into the bowl with the ground beef. Divide evenly between the prepared cups.nPlace a cheese cube in each cup and push gently down into the meat mixture.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and remaining 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk, sour cream and eggs in a 1quart glass measuring cup. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and whisk just until blended. Return to the measuring cup. Pour over the beef mixture.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tin on a rack for 10 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, ketchup and relish.nTo assemble: Drizzle the cooled cupcakes with the sauce. Garnish with the reserved bacon and with lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles., ingredients: [Baking spray with flour, 12 slices white bread, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 slices bacon, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon spicy mustard, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 3 ounces sharp Cheddar, cut into 12 cubes about 34inch cubes, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup milk, 14 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, Our Special Sauce:, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, Garnishes:, Shredded romaine lettuce, Sliced tomatoes, Chopped red onion, Dill pickle slices], title: Cheeseburger Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 27906: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Line 3 12 cup mini cupcake pans with paper liners.n2. Prepare cake mix according to package directions.n3. Divide batter evenly between prepared cupcake pans. Bake approximately 15 to 18 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Remove from oven, transfer to wire rack and let cool completely.n4. Meanwhile, spoon 14 cup white frosting into resealable bag. Tint remaining frosting green and use to cover cupcakes.n5. Use photograph as decorating guide for cupcakes. Arrange four MMSu00ae Peanut Chocolate Candies as photo shows. Pipe white frosting body in center and use licorice for antennae., ingredients: [2 cups MMSu00ae Peanut Chocolate Candies May substitute with 2 bags MMSu00ae Brand Dark Peanut Chocolate Candies or 2 bags MMSu00ae Brand Almond Chocolate Candies, 1 18.25oz. box yellow cake mix, 1 12 cups prepared vanilla frosting, Green and yellow food coloring, 2 strands black licorice laces, 3 12cup mini cupcake pans, 36 mini paper cupcake liners, Resealable plastic bag, Spatula], title: Fun Flyers, picturelink: null}, 27907: {instructions: Place the diced potatoes into a pot covered with cold water, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook the potatoes for 12 minutes or until softened but still firm, drain, and spread out on a cookie sheet to cool quickly for 5 minutes. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, add the onion and cook to a light golden color before adding the blanched potatoes. Cook the potatoes and onions for 4 to 5 minutes or until the potatoes begin to brown. Add the julienned mushrooms to the skillet and cook for 3 to 4 additional minutes. Season the vegetable mixture with salt and pepper, remove using a slotted spoon, and add the cubed beef to the hot oil in one even layer. Brown the beef over high heat, turning only when one side has browned, and browning all sides evenly and quickly to maintain a medium rare interior. The beef should brown in approximately 7 to 8 minutes. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the chili puree, tomato dice and cilantro. Add the cooked onionpotatomushroom mix back to the pan and stir to combine. Press down along the edges so that a crust forms along the bottom. Turn the cooked hash out onto a plate and garnish with warm blanched sugar snap peas. Serve {optional} with poached quail eggs., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled, diced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, peeled and diced, 14 pound shiitake mushroom caps, julienned, 2 pounds top round of beef, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chili pepper puree ancho, new mexico or california, 12 cup fresh plum tomato dice, seedless, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 12 cup sugar snap peas, blanched and julienned], title: Roast Beef and Wild Mushroom Hash, picturelink: null}, 27908: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPlace onethird of the potato chips in a baking dish. Layer onethird of the mozzarella, pizza sauce, green peppers, red peppers, red onions, pepperoni and a pinch of red pepper flakes evenly over the top. Add half of the remaining chips in another layer on top, and then evenly layer half of the remaining cheese, sauce, vegetables and pepperoni. Finish with the remaining chips followed by the remaining ingredients.nBroil just until the cheese melts. Serve warm., ingredients: [10 cups ruffled potato chips, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup pizza sauce, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 14 cup diced red onion, 15 slices pepperoni, quartered, Pinch red pepper flakes], title: Pizza Chipchos, picturelink: OBsPmGHAt7GPckC.AWnjNh9uwJ0ja5u}, 27909: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoast the potatoes on a flat sheet pan until almost cooked through, approximately 20 minutes. Allow the potatoes to cool at room temperature for 20 minutes, or until they can be easily handled.nWith a paring knife, remove the skins of the potatoes without cutting into the potato itself. Place the peeled potatoes into a bowl. Combine the oil and rosemary. Place half of the mixture into the bowl of potatoes and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Return the potatoes to the sheet pan. Rub the lamb with the remaining half of the oil and rosemary mixture. Season with salt and pepper. In a heated saute pan, or on a hot grill, sear the loins on all sides. Place the potatoes and lamb in the preheated oven on separate pans.nCombine seasoned rice wine vinegar and minced shallots in a small bowl.nWhen internal temperature of the lamb is 120 degrees, remove the lamb and let it rest for about 5 to 7 minutes. When lamb has rested, the potatoes will be ready. Toss them in the oil in which they were cooked to prevent dryness and ensure even seasoning.nPour the juices from the lamb into the bowl containing the shallots and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. While constantly whisking, slowly pour in 14 cup of olive oil. To present, arrange the potatoes on plate, slightly off center. Use vegetables of your choice and place next to potatoes. Slice lamb into 4 equalsized pieces. Fan the pieces using the bone for height in presentation. Drizzle with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 pound fingerling potatoes, tossed in vegetable oil, 14 cup mild extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, 2 8bone racks of lamb, Kosher salt, Black pepper, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Rack of Lamb with Rosemary Roasted Potatoes and Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 27910: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat and add the curry leaves, coconut, chili powder, ground coriander, mustard seeds, salt and pepper. Toast until the coconut is golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Place in a bowl with the mayonnaise and stir well to combine., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup dried curry leaves, crushed, 3 tablespoons unsweetened coconut flakes, 12 teaspoon red chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, Pinch of salt, Pinch of pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Chili Coconut Dip, picturelink: null}, 27911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the chopped pineapple in a baking dish, cover with foil and roast in the oven until soft and lightly golden brown. Leave the oven at 350 degrees F.nPut the sugar, vanilla bean and 12 cup of water in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat until it turns a light caramel. Add the chopped pineapple, cream, salt and arbol and cook until slightly reduced. Let cool for about 5 minutes before adding it to a blender. Remove the vanilla bean, then carefully transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until smooth. Strain through a medium mesh strainer into a bowl. Return the mixture to the saucepan and reduce it to a sauce consistency. Pour the caramel into a seasoned 10inch cast iron pan and let cool slightly. Arrange the pineapple slices on top of the caramel and set aside.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl once. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is incorporated.nWhisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a bowl until combined. Whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream, rum, vanilla extract and vanilla seeds in a measuring cup. Alternate the dry and wet ingredients starting and ending with the flour and mix until just combined, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl. Pour the batter over the pineapple in the cast iron pan and bake until the top is lightly golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 30 to 40 minutes. Cool on a baking rack for 10 minutes, then invert onto a large platter. Let cool for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 14 ounces fresh pineapple, coarsely chopped, plus 1 small ripe Golden pineapple, peeled, cored, sliced crosswise into 14inch thick slices and each slice cut in 12, 5 14 ounces granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, split, 12 cup water, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, Pinch chile de arbol powder, 5 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 300 grams granulated sugar 1 14 cups plus 3 tablespoons, 3 large eggs, 165 grams cake flour 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons, 115 grams fine yellow cornmeal 34 cup, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 27912: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine flour, 1 teaspoon of salt and 12 teaspoon of pepper in a flat dish or pie plate. Dredge chicken thighs lightly in flour mixture, patting off excess. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add olive oil, when oil is hot add chicken, browning on both sides, about 5 minutes.nIn the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker add, mushrooms, green pepper, onion, garlic, carrot, tomatoes, chili flakes, remaining salt and pepper, basil and parsley. Add chicken, chicken broth and wine. Cover and cook on HIGH setting for 4 to 6 hours., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus 12 teaspoon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 14 teaspoon, 1 5 count package chicken thighs, about 2 to 3 pounds, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 12 pound button mushrooms, quartered, 1 green pepper, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup red wine], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: ItKj2dw4cJ.W6AzHJbkdWRTEVmZABJG}, 27913: {instructions: Prepare a grill or grill pan to high heat.nGrill the jalapenos, turning them occasionally, until charred on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer them to a cutting board and let cool for 5 minutes. Keep the grill on high heat.nUsing a small paring knife, peel the jalapenos. Scrape out and discard the seeds and veins. Coarsely chop the chiles and transfer them to a medium bowl. Add the butter, garlic, and parsley and mash together. Season the jalapeno butter with salt and pepper, to taste. Put a square piece of plastic wrap on a work surface. Spoon the jalapeno butter onto the center and roll it up into a 1inchdiameter log. Refrigerate it until firm, at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 week.nGrill the corn on the hot grill or grill pan, turning occasionally, until it is browned in spots and the kernels are tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer the ears to a platter. Top each ear with a pat of the jalapeno butter, sprinkle with queso fresco, and serve., ingredients: [2 jalapeno chiles, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ears fresh corn, husks and silks removed, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese], title: Jalapeno Buttered Corn, picturelink: ZUrcR21ddK3KJHW8e2.SrAOWbnjCpy}, 27914: {instructions: Pat the meat dry and season with salt and pepper. In a bowl, combine stuffing ingredients. Spread a thin layer of the stuffing on each slice of the meat, roll up the meat to enclose the stuffing, and tie with string. In a large skillet set over medium heat, heat the oil until hot. Add the meat and cook until it is browned on all sides. Transfer to a plate. Add the braciole to tomato sauce recipe follows and simmer 1 12 hours, or until tender.nSuggested drink: Francis Coppola Rosso, 1995nIn a casserole set over moderate heat, cook the onion and garlic in the oil, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or transluscent. In a blender or food processor, puree tomatoes, water, and tomato sauce until smooth and add it to the casserole. Add the carrots, potato, basil, cayenne and salt. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour., ingredients: [6 6ounce slices round steak, pounded very thin, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup toasted bread crumbs, 2 hardcooked eggs, finely chopped, 6 slices Sicilian salami, finely chopped, 14 cup freshly grated Locatelli, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, 1 small egg, lightly beaten, Salt, Pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Tomato Sauce recipe follows, 1 cup minced onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 28ounce can crushed tomatoes in puree, 1 cup water, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch lengths, 1 boiling potato, peeled and left whole, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, Cayenne pepper to taste, Salt to taste], title: Braciole, picturelink: null}, 27915: {instructions: To prepare the chile rub use a small saute pan and toast the ancho chile, the whole cumin and the whole coriander seeds over medium heat on the stove. Next, grind the toasted spices in a spice grinder and place with the other ingredients in a small bowl. To season the steaks mix the oil and the clarified butter on a serving dish and dredge the steaks in the oilbutter. Allow the excess to drip off of the steaks and then coat each side of the steaks with the spice rub before cooking.nFor the Chipotle Chile Sauce: To prepare the sauce, heat a small sauce pot and saute the while onions and the thinly sliced garlic for 1 minute over high heat. Next, add the coriander and the cumin and toast these spices for 30 seconds. Then, add the remaining ingredients and allow to cook for 30 minutes over medium heat. The sauce will begin to thicken, using a blender or a small immersion blender puree the sauce until smooth. Serve this sauce with any cut of steak or poultry from the grill.nFor the Creamed Spinach: In a heavy bottom saucepot, reduce the heavy cream by half. When reduced, remove from heat and whisk in the cold butter until all is incorporated. Next add the Parmesan cheese and cooked chopped spinach, and place back on the stove over low to medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Stir well during that time. To finish, season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 ounces corn oil, 3 ounces clarified butter, 14 cup white onion diced small, 2 cloves garlic thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoon tomato paste, 4 chipolte chiles in adobo, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 14 cups water, 14 chopped cilantro, 14 cup Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon corn oil, 30 ounces cooked chopped spinach, 4 ounces shallots, peeled and finely chopped, 6 ounces grated Parmesan cheese, 1 quart heavy cream, 12 ounces butter, refrigerated until ready to use, 1 12 tablespoons Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper], title: Chile Rub, picturelink: null}, 27916: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut 6 12inch thick slices from bread, reserving remainder for another use. Grate the cheese.nOn a baking sheet, toast both sides of the bread slices under the broiler about 4 inches from heat, leaving the broiler on. Rub the toast with garlic. Top toasts with cheese and broil until cheese is just melted, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 wholegrain baguette or other wholegrain countrystyle loaf, 1 clove garlic, 6 ounces cold Swiss cheese], title: Garlic and Swiss Cheese Croutons, picturelink: null}, 27917: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with silicone baking mats or wax paper.nPlace the popcorn, marshmallows, chocolate chips and graham crackers in a large bowl do not combine yet.nCombine the butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and corn syrup in a medium saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring until the butter is melted and the ingredients are completely combined, about 5 minutes.nContinue to boil the sugar, no longer stirring, until it reaches the firmball stage, 245 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the sugar from the heat and add the salt and baking soda.nSpray a rubber spatula with cooking spray. Immediately pour the sugar over the popcorn mixture and, using the greased spatula, carefully fold all the ingredients together. Spread the mixture evenly over the prepared baking sheets and bake until lightly browned and crispy and the chocolate and marshmallows are fully melted, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool at least 1 hour in a cool dry place until the chocolate sets., ingredients: [10 cups storebought popped popcorn, 1 12 cups mini marshmallows, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 12 cups lightly crushed graham crackers, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Vegetable oil cooking spray, for coating the spatula], title: Smores Popcorn, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 27918: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with a slotted spatula transfer to a cutting board. Chop bacon fine. Remove all but 1 tablespoon fat from skillet and heat remaining fat over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Cook chard and garlic, stirring, until chard is tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer chard mixture to a bowl and cool. To chard mixture add cheeses, 2 tablespoons bacon, and salt and pepper to taste.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a gentle boil.nPut wonton wrapper or pasta dough on a lightly floured surface and mound 1 tablespoon filling in center of wrapper. Brush edges of wrapper with water and put a second wrapper over first, pressing down around filling to force out air. Seal edges well and transfer ravioli to a kitchen towel. Make more ravioli with remaining wrappers and filling in same manner, turning them occasionally to dry slightly. Cook ravioli in water at a gentle boil 6 to 8 minutes, or until they rise in surface and are tender. Do not let water boil vigorously once ravioli have been added. With a slotted spoon transfer ravioli as cooked to a kitchen towel to drain.nDivide ravioli between 2 plates and spoon sauce over them. Garnish ravioli with remaining tablespoon bacon., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, 3 cups chopped Swiss chard, stems discarded, leaves washed and chopped about 12 pound, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 24 wonton wrappers, thawed or pasta dough, 1 cup prepared tomato sauce], title: Swiss Chard, Bacon, and Ricotta Ravioli with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27919: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch round springform pan with baking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper and spray it again with baking spray.nMelt the butter and chocolate together in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes. Whisk in the cocoa powder, cassis, and vanilla and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment you can also use a hand mixer, beat the eggs, sugar, and salt on high speed for 3 to 5 minutes, until pale yellow and triple in volume. Pour the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and carefully but thoroughly fold them together with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until just barely set in the center. Allow to cool in the pan for 30 minutes and then release the sides of the pan. Invert the cake carefully onto a flat serving plate, remove the parchment paper, and cool completely.nFor the glaze, melt the chocolate and cream together in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Stir until smooth. Off the heat, whisk in the cassis and vanilla. Allow to cool for 10 minutes and spread over just the top of the cake.nFifteen minutes before serving, toss the berries gently with the sugar and cassis. Cut the cake in wedges and serve with the berries on the side., ingredients: [Baking spray with flour, such as Bakers Joy, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 6 tablespoons creme de cassis liqueur, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons creme de cassis liqueur, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 12 pint boxes fresh raspberries, 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and thickly sliced, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup creme de cassis liqueur], title: Chocolate Cassis Cake, picturelink: I74jNNSkKjb.8g.9qUxEm4oFOYEjeMG}, 27920: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325u00b0F. Coat 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. Prepare brownie mix according to package directions using the oil, water and 2 eggs. Spread evenly in prepared pan.nBEAT cream cheese, butter, cornstarch and 14 teaspoon cinnamon in medium bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add sweetened condensed milk, 1 egg and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Pour evenly over brownie layer. Sprinkle with remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon.nBAKE 48 to 52 minutes or until top is lightly browned and filling is set in center. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Place frosting into corner of 1quart heavyduty resealable plastic bag. Microwave on HIGH 5 to 10 seconds. Cut small corner off bag. Drizzle over brownies. Chill 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Mocha Fudge Brownie Mix, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 3 large eggs, divided, 1 8 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 2 tbsps. butter, softened, 1 tbsp. cornstarch, 34 tsp. ground cinnamon, divided, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 13 cup Pillsburyu00ae Creamy Supremeu00ae Chocolate Fudge Flavored Frosting], title: Cappuccino Cheesecake Brownie, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 27921: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a few inches water to a boil in a large pot and add salt. Cook the escarole for 5 minutes, then drain.nCover the garlic cloves with water in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain and let cool. Squish the garlic pulp from the jackets into a bowl and mash with a fork.nMeanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage and stir. Add the squash, stir and season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. All the stock should be absorbed and the squash should be lightly browned and tender. Remove from the heat.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in another medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and mashed garlic and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Cook until slightly thickened the sauce should just coat the back of the spoon evenly without breaking up on the spoons surface.nWhisk together the pumpkin puree, 2 eggs and some salt and pepper in a small bowl.nIn another bowl, whisk together the ricotta, half the ParmigianoReggiano and the remaining egg.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Soak the lasagna sheets in water for 5 minutes.nPour about half the garlic sauce into the bottom of a 9 by 11inch baking dish. Add a layer of lasagna sheets and then half the pumpkin mixture. Make another layer of lasagna sheets and spread with all of the ricotta mixture, followed by the squash and then escarole. Top with half the Fontina, another layer of lasagna sheets, the remaining pumpkin and another layer of lasagna sheets. Finish with the remaining garlic sauce and sprinkle with the remaining ParmigianoReggiano and Fontina.nBake the lasagna, covered, for 45 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and continue to bake, uncovered, for 15 minutes more. Let rest for 15 minutes, then cut and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 head escarole, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, cloves separated but not peeled, 6 tablespoons butter, 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, torn, 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into bitesize pieces, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, Two 15ounce cans pure pumpkin puree, 3 eggs, 2 cups fresh ricotta, 2 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 box noboil flat lasagna, 12 ounces Italian Fontina, Fontina Val DAosta or Gouda cheese, shredded], title: Pumpkin Lovers Lasagna, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 27922: {instructions: Put the milk, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, the cloves, cardamom, star anise, cinnamon stick and ginger into a saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, and then turn the heat to low and let simmer for 10 minutes to infuse the milk with the spices. Keep warm.nPut 12 cup water and the remaining 12 cup sugar into a small saucepan and bring to a boil until the sugar is dissolved and turns to a clear syrup, about 3 minutes. Cool slightly.nPlace a nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the butter. When it begins to foam, dip the bread slices into the syrup and then fry them in the butter until they become golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Pour some hot spiced milk into shallow bowls and then gently add a slice of the toasted bread. Serve with slices of fresh apricots or peaches., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 8 whole cloves, 6 green cardamom pods, 4 whole star anise, One 3inch piece cinnamon stick, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 thick slices brioche or challah bread, Fresh apricots or peach slices, for serving], title: Toasted Brioche in Spiced Milk, picturelink: null}, 27923: {instructions: To make the lemon cups: Trim a very thin slice off of the lemon bottoms so theyll sit sturdy when standing up. Cut off the top 13 of the lemon and reserve to cap the cups. Carefully hollow out each lemon with a teaspoon, turning and digging into the pith so the entire inside of the fruit comes out, take care to leave the lemon shell intact. Chop and mash the lemon pulp and strain into a blender. You should have about 1 cup of fresh lemon juice, reserve it for the filling. Freeze the lemon cups in egg cartons, with their lids, at least 1 hour or up to overnight. The frozen shell will prevent the lemon ice from melting too quickly when you serve it.nTo make the ginger syrup: Combine the sugar, water, and ginger in a pot over medium heat. Gently simmer and stir for 2 minutes until the sugar is dissolved and the ginger fragrant  do not allow the syrup to boil or get dark. Remove from heat, cover, and steep until cool.nFill a blender with crushed ice, pour in the reserved cup of fresh lemon juice, add the ginger syrup remove the big pieces of ginger, and process until slushy. Add the lemon zest and blend again. Freeze for 1 hour to firm it up a bit. Scoop the lemon ginger ice into the prepared lemon cups, garnish with mint leaves, top with the lemon cap, and serve. Serve in egg cups for a great presentation., ingredients: [8 medium to large lemons, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, Crushed ice, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Lemon Ginger Ice in Lemon Cups, picturelink: null}, 27924: {instructions: Cover potatoes with salted cold water by 2 inches in a 3quart saucepan and simmer uncovered until just tender, 15 to 25 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. Drain in a colander and cool slightly.nWhile potatoes are simmering, whisk together vinegar and salt in a large bowl until salt is dissolved.nWhen potatoes are just cool enough to handle, peel potatoes and cut into 1inch pieces, adding to vinegar mixture as cut, and toss gently with rubber spatula to combine. Let cool to room temperature, then add remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste and stir gently to combine. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [2 pounds equalsized boiling potatoes, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup chopped celery, 12 cup chopped white onion, 3 large hardboiled eggs, chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OldFashioned Potato Salad, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 27925: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nGrease a 9inch square pan with olive oil. In a medium bowl combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves.nIn a large bowl mix brown sugar and olive oil on medium speed with an electric mixer. Mix until blended. Add applesauce and mix well. Add flour mixture all at once. Beat on low speed until well blended. Stir in raisins and walnuts. Spoon batter into the prepared baking pan.nBake 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned.nCool completely on a wire rack. Cut into squares. Serve plain, dusted with powdered sugar, or frosted with whipped cream., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 12 cup Filippo Beriou00ae Extra Light Olive Oil plus some, for greasing pan, 1 12 cups applesauce, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, Powdered sugar for dusting or sweetened whipped cream for frosting, optional], title: Applesauce Spice Cake, picturelink: null}, 27926: {instructions: Curry Sauce: Heat olive oil in saute pan on medium high heat. Saute garlic until opaque. Add red curry paste and lime leaf and saute. Add coconut milk. Reduce heat, simmer and reduce sauce by one third. Add chicken stock, sambal olek and fish sauce. Simmer and reduce by half 15 to 20 minutes. Remove lime leaf. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nMussels: Combine 12 cup of sauce for every half pound of mussels in a saucepan over medium heat to pan steam until opened.nArrange mussels in a bowl. Add lime juice over mussels and chopped cilantro for garnish and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 4 garlic cloves minced depending on size, 3 teaspoons red curry paste, 3 Kafir lime leaves, 14 cup coconut milk, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon Sambel olek chili paste, 2 teaspoon fish sauce, Saltlime juice to taste, 2 pounds of mussels, Coarsely chopped cilantro for garnish], title: Pei Mussels with Thai Curry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the gelato: Scoop the softened gelato onto a clean countertop or into a baking dish. Fold the blueberries, raspberries and mint into the gelato, using two rubber spatulas. Scoop into an airtight container and freeze for 2 hours.nFor the macerated strawberries: Add the strawberries, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper to a medium bowl, and toss to combine. Cover and leave for at least 20 minutes. Drain off excess liquid.nFor the waffles: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the wholewheat and allpurpose flours, the granulated and brown sugars, the baking powder and the salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together the melted butter, milk and eggs. Slowly pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, mixing until just combined. Fold in half of the macerated strawberries. Cover and rest for 20 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron and spray its surface with nonstick spray. Pour a generous 12 cup of the waffle batter into the iron, close and cook until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the waffle and repeat with the remaining batter, reapplying nonstick spray between waffles.nPlace one perfectly cooked waffle on a plate and cut it in half diagonally to make two triangles. Top one triangle with a scoop of gelato. Sandwich with the other waffle triangle. Garnish with a spoonful of macerated strawberries, followed by a sprinkling of powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 cups vanilla gelato, softened, 12 cup blueberries, 12 cup raspberries, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, Malted milk powder, optional, 2 cups quartered strawberries, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch fresh ground pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup melted butter, 1 12 cups milk, room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Strawberry Wafflewich with Fresh Berry Gelato, picturelink: CAU4Ve8ieEUrrfgnwAVgNLBQA2KyC}, 27928: {instructions: In a large shallow platter, season flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the veal shanks in the mixture and tap off any excess. In a large heavy skillet or Dutch oven, over medium flame, heat the oil and butter. Sear the shanks on all sides, turn bones on sides to hold in marrow. Add more oil and butter if needed. Remove the browned veal shanks and set aside.nAdd onion, celery, carrots, garlic, bay leaves and parsley to the pan and cook until softened. Season with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and deglaze the pan. Return the shanks to the pan, add the stock and tomatoes, drizzle with olive oil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for about 1 12 hours or until the meat is tender. Baste the meat a few times during cooking. Remove the cover, continue to simmer for 10 minutes to reduce the sauce a bit.nFor gremolata: combine all ingredients together in a small bowl. Strew the gremolata over the osso buco before serving. Serve osso buco with Saffron Risotto.nIn a saucepan, bring chicken broth to a simmer. Keep warm over low heat.nIn a large saute pan, melt butter over medium heat. Add oil and rice and cook for 2 minutes, stirring to coat each grain. When rice begins to make a crackling sound, add saffron threads. Add 1 cup of the warm chicken broth and cook, stirring, until the rice has absorbed the liquid. Add the remaining broth, 1 cup at a time. Continue to stir, allowing the rice to absorb each addition of broth before adding more. Test the rice for doneness, it should be al dente but creamy. Remove risotto from heat, add grated cheese, salt and pepper. Serve at once with Osso Buco Milanese.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 cup flour, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 pieces veal shank with bone, cut 3 inches thick, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup celery, chopped, 12 cup carrots, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 1 cup dry Marsala, 2 cups veal or chicken stock, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, Saffron Risotto, recipe follows, Grated rind of 1 lemon, Grated rind of 1 orange, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 8 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups Arborio rice, 3 pinches saffron threads, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Osso Buco Milanese, picturelink: null}, 27929: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Scrub the potatoes to remove any dirt. Dry the potatoes and prick with a fork. Rub the skins lightly with the vegetable oil. Place the potatoes on a cookie sheet or jellyroll pan.nBake potatoes for 45 minutes, or until tender. Split the potatoes and press with your fingers to loosen pulp.nServe with one or more of the following toppings:nAmerican: shredded American cheese, bacon bits, and cooked broccolinItalian: pesto sauce and shredded mozzarella cheesesnSicilian: chopped pepperoni, pizza sauce, and grated Parmesan cheesenNicoise: flaked tuna, green bean pieces, diced red onion, tomatonChildrens: sliced frankfurters and cheese spread, ingredients: [6 large baking potatoes, Vegetable oil], title: Baked Potatoes with Assorted Toppings, picturelink: null}, 27930: {instructions: Soak the cod in cold water in the refrigerator for 24 hours, changing the water 4 times.nDrain the cod. Put in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a bare simmer drain, then repeat with fresh water. Drain again, then add the milk and cream to the pan. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until the fish is flaky, about 15 minutes. Reserve 12 cup of the milk mixture, then drain and coarsely flake the fish.nPut the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until tender, about 20 minutes drain. Let cool slightly, then press through a ricer or a food mill. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil, garlic, thyme and cloves in a small saucepan cook over low heat, 5 minutes. Strain the flavored oil and set aside.nPut the cod, half of the flavored oil, the reserved milk mixture, the lemon juice and 12 cup hot water in a food processor pulse until smooth. Add the potatoes and the remaining flavored oil and pulse to combine season with pepper. Transfer to a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Serve warm with crackers.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [34 pound salt cod, preferably centercut, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled and halved, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 small sprigs thyme, 4 whole cloves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground pepper, Crackers or crostini, for serving], title: Salt Cod Dip, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 27931: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewers or round toothpicks .nSlice each avocado in half lengthwise, pop out seed and slip off the skin. Smash the avocado in a bowl and add onion, chiles, cilantro, lime juice, tomatoes, and garlic and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, cover, and let sit in refrigerator for a couple of hours to allow flavors to combine.nLay out tortillas and sprinkle about 18 cup cheese on each. Begin heating vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in deepfryer.nIn a large skillet heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute onion until translucent. To this pan, add ground beef, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, celery salt, and salt and pepper, and cook until browned. Divide meat mixture into equal amounts in the pan. Then using a slotted spoon to leave excess liquid behind, transfer meat mixture to the center of each tortilla and fold the tortilla into a closed packet and secure using a wooden skewer or round toothpicks. Deep fry chimichangas until golden brown. Alternatively, you can skip the deep frying step altogether by arranging the chimichanga packets on a baking sheet and bake until cheese melts and tortillas begin to firm up, about 5 to 10 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F oven. Remove skewerstoothpicks before serving., ingredients: [3 ripe avocados, 1 large red onion, diced, 2 serrano chiles, stems and seeds removed and chopped use gloves to handle these, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh lime juice 1 or 2 limes depending on size, 3 ripe tomatoes, seeds removed and diced, 3 cloves garlic, roughly diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large flour tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 liter vegetable or canola oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, sliced, 3 pounds ground beef, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons celery salt, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: DeepFried Beef Chimichangas with Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 27932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9by13inch baking pannFor the French toast: Grease the baking pan with butter. Tear the bread into chunks, or cut into cubes, and evenly distribute in the pan. Crack the eggs in a big bowl. Whisk together the eggs, milk, cream, granulated sugar, brown sugar and vanilla. Pour evenly over the bread. Cover the pan tightly and store in the fridge until needed overnight preferably.nFor the topping: Mix the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt and some nutmeg in a separate bowl. Stir together using a fork. Add the butter and with a pastry cutter, and mix it all together until the mixture resembles fine pebbles. Store in a resealable plastic bag in the fridge.nWhen youre ready to bake the casserole, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the casserole from the fridge and sprinkle the topping over the top. Bake for 45 minutes for a softer, more bread pudding texture or for 1 hour or more for a firmer, crisper texture.nScoop out individual portions. Top with butter and drizzle with warm pancake syrup and sprinkle with blueberries., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 1 loaf crusty sourdough or French bread, 8 whole eggs, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup whipping heavy cream, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 stick cold butter, cut into pieces, plus more for serving, Warm pancake syrup, for serving, 1 cup fresh blueberries, for serving], title: Cinnamon Baked French Toast, picturelink: TocVFOapfzs1RRRESmb1eelV60zXviC}, 27933: {instructions: Heat the annatto seeds in a small saucepan until slightly toasty. Add the olive oil and continue to heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn off and allow to cool. Now strain the oil and pour it over the shrimp. Turn the shrimp over and allow to marinate at least 10 minutes. Squeeze the lime over the shrimp and season. Keep cool until ready to cook and serve.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and cover them with water. Cook about 15 minutes or until just barely cooked through. Now shock them in ice cold water to arrest the cooking. Drain and dice them into 34inch sized pieces.nMix the remaining ingredients in a separate bowl. Pour them over the cooked potatoes. Season to taste. Mix gently and allow to cool before serving.nHeat a medium large saucepan on medium high heat. Add the olive oil and butter. When the butter melts add the plantain slices. Allow them to cook until quite dark on each side.nNow add the chile and red onion and stir. When they are softened add the vinegar and reduce for 30 seconds. Now add the cream and reduce by 13. Stir as needed.nBlend all together and strain through a medium fine strainer. Set aside in a warm place.nTo serve: Heat a grill or grill pan. Lightly oil grill to prevent sticking. Grill the shrimp until just done. Place the cool potatoes in the middle of each plate or on to a family styled serving platter. Spoon some of the prepared plantain crema on each plate, or platter and top with the shrimp. Serve. Can be garnished with fried plantain crisps and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon annatto seeds, 1 cup olive oil, 24 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 large lime, cut in half, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 Peruvian purple potatoes, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, diced small, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, diced small, 1 red onion, peeled and finely diced, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 13 cup champagne vinegar, 23 cup virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 1 very ripe plantain, peeled and cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 scotch bonnet chile pepper, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 12 red onion, peeled and diced small, 3 tablespoons spanish sherry wine vinegar, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Annatto Reddened Grilled Shrimp with Peruvian Purple Potatoes and Caramelized Plantain Crema, picturelink: null}, 27934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the risotto: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until they are softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the rice and stir with a wooden spoon to combine the onion mixture with the rice. Add the wine and simmer until the liquid is evaporated. Add 12 cup of the stock and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue adding the stock, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition of stock to absorb before adding the next. You may need to add an additional cup of water. Cook until the rice is tender but still firm, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the Parmesan, lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper. Spray a baking sheet with the nonstick cooking spray and spread the risotto out on the sheet to cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes.nFor the arancini: In a large bowl combine the risotto, 12 cup of the panko, the Parmesan and the eggs. With damp hands, use about 2 tablespoons of the risotto mixture to form 1 34inch diameter balls. Make an indentation in the center of each ball and insert a cube of lobster. Cover up the hole to completely enclose the lobster and roll the balls in the remaining 1 12 cups panko to coat.nIn a large, heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to so that it is 3inches deep. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 2 minutes. In batches, fry the rice balls, turning occasionally, until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 1 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio, 3 cups chicken broth or lobster stock, at room temperature, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups panko, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, beaten, 8 ounces lobster tail meat, chopped into 12inch cubes, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Lobster Risotto Arancini, picturelink: JIK5XCr62kZQLqABT14siBGQ4rGx6Bi}, 27935: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, crumble Gorgonzola in the top of a double boiler. Whisk in broth, Madeira and heavy cream, garlic clove and cook uncovered for 3 to 4 minutes or until the cheese has melted. Remove garlic clove. Drain the pasta, pat it dry and spoon into a deep dish. Top with spoonfuls of sauce and top with walnuts., ingredients: [1 pound Pumpkin, Gorgonzola or Porcinistuffed tortellini, 12 pound Dolce sweet Gorgonzola, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup Madeira, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 clove peeled smashed garlic, 1 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gorgonzola and Walnut Sauce for Pumpkin or PorciniStuffed Tortellini, picturelink: null}, 27936: {instructions: Place the sugar in a saucepan, and moisten it with the water without stirring. Bring to a boil and cook until light golden brown. Immediately pour the caramel into an 8 to 9 cup mold a cake pan will do and swirl and tilt the mold to coat it with the caramel, including the walls.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter and let it foam. Add the apples and cook on medium low heat, covered, for 15 minutes. Add the brandy and flame it, then continue to cook, shaking the pan, for 2 minutes or so.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar and cinnamon. Stir in the halfandhalf and the apples. Pour this custard into the caramellined mold and bake in a water bath for 50 minutes or until a knife comes out clean. Remove the flan from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Run a knife around the edge of the mold then turn the flan out onto a serving platter. Pour any caramel sauce from the mold over the flan., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped, 12 cup brandy, 6 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Caramelized Apple Flan, picturelink: null}, 27937: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except oil in a bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a large nonstick skillet then drop 4 mounds of vegetables using about 12 of the veggie mix into the pan and flatten each mound a bit. Cook patties 3 to 4 minutes on each side, drain on paper towels and repeat with remaining oil and vegetables to make 8 patties, total. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 parsnips, peeled and grated, 1 large carrot, peeled and grated, 2 cups shredded frozen hash brown potatoes, 3 scallions, whites and greens chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 egg, beaten, Salt and pepper, 14 cup canola oil], title: Root Vegetable Patties, picturelink: 8JwWkcpLcQRCVe7LRgyPkScE7TteWI6}, 27938: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRinse the chicken with cool water, inside and out, then pat it dry with paper towels. Season the cavity with salt and pepper, and then stuff the lemon, garlic, and herbs inside. Place the chicken, breastside up, in a roasting pan. Tie the legs of the chicken together with kitchen twine to help hold its shape. Toss the potatoes around the chicken. Season the whole thing with a fair amount of salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Roast the chicken and potatoes for 1 to 1 12 hours. Dont forget to baste the chicken with the drippings and rotate the pan every 20 minutes or so to insure a golden crispy skin. The chicken is done when an instantread thermometer says 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh the legs of the chicken should wiggle easily from the sockets too. Remove the chicken to a platter and let stand for 10 minutes, so the juices settle back into the meat before carving. Serve with the roasted potatoes on the side., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound freerange chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, halved, 14 bunch each fresh rosemary, thyme, and parsley, 14 cup olive oil, 112 pounds red new potatoes], title: Lemon And Herb Roasted Chicken With Baby Potatoes, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 27939: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the prunes with the Scotch and 2 tablespoons of water and set aside. Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. Place a large Dutch oven or soup pot over medium heat and melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. Saute the chicken on each side until wellbrowned, about 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate, and pour off any fat left in the pan. Add the remaining butter to the pan, saute the leeks over mediumlow until tender, about 25 minutes. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf with a piece of kitchen twine. Add the herb bundle, the chicken and the broth to the pot. Bring to a boil, and then lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cover and cook the soup for until the chicken is cooked through and tender, about 25 minutes. Remove the chicken, set aside to cool slightly. Remove the herb bundle and discard. Skim any fat from the surface of the soup with a spoon or ladle, if needed. Remove the chicken meat from the bones and cut into 1inch chunks. Add the chicken cubes, the prunes, and their liquid to the soup. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 2 minutes. To serve divide the soup evenly among 6 warm soup bowls.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [6 pitted prunes, 4 teaspoons Scotch, One 3 12 pound freerange chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 medium leeks, light green and white only, halved and cut into 12 inch slices, 10 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 5 cups chicken broth, homemade canned lowsodium], title: CockaLeekie Soup, picturelink: null}, 27940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9inch cake pan with nonstick cooking spray.nUsing a pastry blender or two table knives, cut the shortening into the flour until it resembles coarse meal. Use a fork to stir in the buttermilk to make a soft dough, or until the dough comes together and leaves the sides of the bowl. Continue stirring with the fork until all the flour is worked into the dough, then turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and knead 3 or 4 times until smooth and manageable.nWith your hands or floured rolling pin, flatten the dough to a thickness of 12 inch. Cut the dough with a 2 12inch floured biscuit cutter. Place the biscuits in the cake round 1 inch apart for crisp biscuits or almost touching for softer biscuits. Bake until lightly browned, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 cups selfrising flour see Note, plus more for dusting, 34 cup buttermilk, well shaken], title: Daddys Biscuits, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 27941: {instructions: Put a few strawberry slices, blueberries or raspberries in an ice cube tray. Fill with water and freeze until firm. Drop the berry ice cubes into flute glasses and fill with prosecco or ginger ale.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Bubbly on the Rocks, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 27942: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nSpicy Poached Pear:nIn a saucepan, combine sugar, water, citrus zest and spices. Bring to a boil.nCut the top of the pears off, about 1inch from the top, and place in fresh water with the lemon juice. Peel the base of the pears, with a spoon and make a cavity in the center by removing the seeds. Poach the pear bases in boiled syrup at 200 degrees F for 1 hour. Remove from heat. Refrigerate. After refrigerated cut off a little of the bottom in order to have the pear sit up straight.nHawaiian Creme Brulee:nIn a saucepan, heat the milk, beans and the cream. In a bowl, mix the yolks with the granulated sugar. When milk mixture is hot, temper to yolks.nPour a little of the hot mixture to the yolk mixture and mix. Continue procedure until temperature of yolks is at least warm. Strain the egg mixture back into the saucepan. Pour all but 12 cup of the brulee mixture into a pan reserve for brioche, sitting in a water bath bain marie. Put in a preheated 300 degree F oven for 35 minutes.nWhen brulee is cooked, cool in the refrigerator and place in a small piping bag.nCandied Raspberry:nIn saucepan bring water and sugar to a boil with the ginger, lemon and vanilla. Boil just until the sugar completely dissolves. Pour over raspberries and place in refrigerator. Caramelized Pain Perdu:nWith the ring mold, cut a slice of brioche to form a circular shape. Heat pan with some clarified butter. Dip brioche slice in reserved Hawaiian brulee mix and set in pan. Sprinkle granulated sugar on top and fry brioche until golden. Turn over and sprinkle with granulated sugar until also golden. Place fried brioche on a plate and set aside.nTo Plate:nIn the center of the plate, place ring mold. Fill a ring mold with vanilla bean ice cream. Level it flat with a spatula. Place the circular brioche above the ice cream. The poached pear will then be placed over the brioche. With a spoon, put a little of the candied raspberry mixture into pear cavity. With piping bag, fill remainder of the cavity with creme brulee. Take the pear top and mount on the filled pear base. Take some of the raspberry sauce and spoon around the dessert to finish it off. Enjoy, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 1 Hawaiian vanilla bean, 1 stroke lemon zest, 1 stroke orange zest, 14 cinnamon stick, 4 pears, 12 lemon, juiced, 34 cup milk, 2 Hawaiian vanilla beans, 34 cup cream, 7 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon peeled, minced ginger, 12 teaspoon minced lemon peel, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup raspberries, 4 slices brioche, 14 cup clarified butter, 12 cup Hawaiian Creme Brulee, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 quart vanilla bean ice cream], title: Hawaiian Vanilla Symphony, picturelink: null}, 27943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, add milk, butter, vanilla, cinnamon, brown sugar, rum and raisins and heat until warm. Simmer and stir until sugar dissolves.nInto a large bowl add the cubed bread and pour in the hot milk mixture. Let sit for 30 minutes so the bread absorbs the milk.nAdd the beaten eggs to the bread and milk mixture and stir. Pour bread pudding into a buttered 1 12quart baking dish and bake for 50 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 3 tablespoons rum, 12 cup raisins, 7 12inch slices brioche bread, cubed or torn, 4 eggs, beaten], title: Rum Raisin Bread Pudding, picturelink: pdCOv5brBdLmg8aeDETObD4ncF8h72S}, 27944: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F 165 degrees C. Grease 2 cookie sheets.nIn a large bowl, using a handheld electric beater, cream together the shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg, beat well, and then stir in the vanilla and pineapple. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl, then gradually stir into the creamed mixture. Drop rounded spoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto the prepared cookie sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [12 cup shortening, plus more for pans, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pineapple Cookies, picturelink: null}, 27945: {instructions: Saute 2 smashed garlic cloves and 12 teaspoon caraway seeds in a skillet with olive oil over mediumhigh heat, 30 seconds. Add 3 sliced red, yellow andor orange bell peppers and cook until just warmed through. Toss with the juice of 12 lemon, some chopped parsley, and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Bell Pepper Salad, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 27946: {instructions: Heat butter and add flour. Cook slowly for a minute or two. Add the hot liquid and bring to a boil, stirring continuously. Season to taste with salt and pepper beat in cream. Off heat, add cheese and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons flour, 2 34 cups hot milk or chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup light cream, 34 cup grated Swiss cheese or Fontina], title: Bechamel or Veloute Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27947: {instructions: Mix all the dry ingredients together in a small glass bowl to create the spice rub. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the spice mixture for the BBQ Sauce.nRinse and the dry ribs, then put on a clean cutting board and pull off the thin fatty skin that lines the underside of the ribs. Trim the ribs of excess fat and meat. Liberally season both sides of the ribs with the spice rub. Wrap the ribs with plastic wrap or foil and refrigerate for at least 2 hours so flavors can develop and permeate the meat.nSoak the wood chips in water for 1 hour before grilling.nPreheat the grill to 250 degrees F. Using the hickory and charcoal, set up the grill for indirect heat.nArrange the ribs, meatier side down, on the far side of the grill away from the coals. Close the cover of the grill and cook the ribs for 3 hours. Turn and cook until the ribs bend, about 1 more hour.nYou will need to check on the charcoal and chips during the smoking process and replenish as needed. You will also need to maintain a temperature of 250 degrees F.nRemove ribs from grill to a cutting board and sprinkle with more spice rub. Cut each slab into individual ribs and transfer to a serving platter. Serve the ribs with Southwest Barbecue Sauce.nFor dry ribs: Sprinkle Neelys BBQ seasoning over the ribs, cut between the bones and serve.nHeat the canola oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until the onions are soft. Stir in the remaining ingredients and simmer until thick and the sauce is flavorful, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chipotle chili powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 3pound slabs pork spareribs, Hickory chips, Southwest Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, diced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons reserved spice rub, 2 cups ketchup, 14 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup peach nectar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neelys Southwest Style Ribs, picturelink: null}, 27948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 13by9inch baking pan. Line with parchment paper, leaving a slight overhang.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, beat the sugars and butter with an electric mixer on medium until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat to combine. Fold in the apples and walnuts.nTransfer the batter to the prepared pan and spread it out into an even layer. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool completely. Then lift the bars out using the parchment overhang and transfer to a cutting board. Cut into 24 pieces., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, plus additional for buttering pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups peeled, smalldiced apples from 1 to 2 apples, 1 cup chopped walnuts], title: Apple Cinnamon Blondies, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 27949: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a mini muffin pan generously with baking spray.nMelt the unsweetened chocolate in a bowl in the microwave. Remove from the microwave and stir in 8 mints until all melted. Let cool slightly.nIn a mixer with the paddle attachment, cream 1 stick of the butter with the sugar. Beat in the eggs one at a time. With the mixer on low, drizzle in the cooled chocolate mixture slowly, mixing until its combined. Add the flour and mix thoroughly. Scrape the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula, add the mint extract and then mix again.nUsing a tablespoon or cookie scoop, scoop the batter into the prepared mini muffin pan. Bake until done, 11 to 13 minutes. Turn upside down out of the pan and allow to cool.nCombine 25 to 30 mints in a bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and the chopped bittersweet chocolate. Microwave and stir until melted and smooth.nDip the brownie bites in the chocolate, concentrating on the top cone part. Allow to set for a few minutes. Chop the remaining mints and sprinkle them on the top. Set in the freezer for 10 minutes if you need them to set right away. Yum, ingredients: [Baking spray, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 50 whole chocolate mints, such as Andes, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 whole eggs, 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon mint extract, 1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, chopped fine], title: Chocolate Mint Brownie Bites, picturelink: VHmEliy8CmbxZPdgMiXAKx8KY6QIyvi}, 27950: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the pepper strips, garlic, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with about 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large bowl, combine the wine, water, and yeast and stir until yeast is dissolved. Add the honey, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 tablespoon olive oil and mix thoroughly. Add 1 cup of the flour and mix with a wooden spoon to make a loose batter. Add 2 more cups of the flour and stir for 2 to 3 minutes to incorporate as much flour as possible.nBring the dough together by hand and turn out onto a floured board or marble surface. Knead 6 to 8 minutes, until you have made a firm, smooth dough. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a towel. Set aside to rise for 45 minutes. Cut the dough into 2 pieces and set aside to rise for another 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTake half of the dough and roll out to 18inch thickness. Remove the pepper from the marinade and arrange them atop the dough, along with the anchovies. Sprinkle with the remaining aromatics and oil from the bowl. Season with salt and pepper, and drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Roll out the remaining dough to a similar thickness and top of the filling. Pinch all around the edges to seal. Cut a vent in the top of the pizza for steam to escape.nBake on a pizza sheet for 30 minutes or until the top and sides are golden. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, cored, seeded, and cut into 14inch strips, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 bunch Italian parsley, leaves finely chopped to yield 2 tablespoons, Salt and pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup light red wine, 34 cup warm water, 1 12 ounces yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 pound fresh anchovies, cleaned, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Pizza of the Dead: Pizza dei Morti, picturelink: null}, 27951: {instructions: Put the frozen cranberries, ice cubes, yogurt, orange juice and maple syrup into a blender. Blend on high until smooth, turning off the blender and pushing down on the ingredients with a spatula or wooden spoon as needed to help the blending process. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of cold water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and sprinkle with the wheat germ. Garnish with the sliced cranberry. Stir well before serving., ingredients: [12 cup frozen cranberries, plus one thinly sliced cranberry for garnish, 34 cup ice cubes, 13 cup lowfat vanilla yogurt, 14 cup orange juice, 1 to 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon toasted wheat germ], title: CranSicle Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 27952: {instructions: Add the sugar, vanilla, peaches and lemon juice to a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir until the sugar begins to melt, 1 to 2 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to medium and simmer 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the cornstarch to a small bowl and mix with 1 tablespoon water. Remove the cover from the peach mixture and stir in the cornstarch. Keep stirring until thick, about 1 minute. Once the mixture is thickened, remove from the heat and allow to cool. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 30 minutes.nTo serve, layer the yogurt and peaches in a serving glass., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 large peaches, pitted and sliced into 12inchthick wedges, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 cups lowfat Greek yogurt], title: Neelys Peach Fool, picturelink: vOykEIAsz6t.ypMWupHShe.ZmiwPTLa}, 27953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine the scallions, half of the ginger u2013 grated or minced, half of the chopped chile pepper, garlic, 3 tablespoons tamari, cilantro and the lime zest. Pulse for 30 seconds, scrape down the bowl and then continue to process 1 minute or until finely ground. Add the shrimp and pork, process until the shrimp are ground into small pieces and the mixture is well combined but not so fine that it becomes a paste, about 1 minute. Roll the shrimp and pork mixture into to 24 balls, about the size of a large walnut. If you dip your hands in water before rolling the mixture the rolling goes a little easier.nPreheat a large nonstick skillet with 4 tablespoons of vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the balls and dont move them until they are brown on 1 side, about 2 minutes. Turn the balls and continue to cook, browning on all sides until cooked through, about 4 minutes.nWhile the balls are cooking make the spicy lime dipping sauce: in a bowl combine the remaining ginger, chili pepper, 12 cup tamari, lime juice, toasted sesame oil, honey and 3 tablespoons a splash of water. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if you find it to be too salty, add another drizzle of honey.nPlatter the shrimp and pork balls with a bowl of the spicy lime dipping sauce and toothpicks., ingredients: [4 scallions, green and white parts, coarsely chopped, 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 1 serrano or jalapeno chili pepper, seeded and finely chopped, divided, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup tamari, plus 3 tablespoons, dark soy, found on the international aisle, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, a big handful, 2 limes, zest and juice, 12 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, tails removed, 1 pound ground pork, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons water, Toothpicks], title: Shrimp and Pork Balls with Spicy Lime Dipping Sauce, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 27954: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToppings:nCombine first 8 ingredients and form into 5 patties.nBrush or drizzle patties with extravirgin olive oil. Grill patties 6 minutes on each side on indoor electric grill or pan fry for same amount of time in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat.nPile patties on split crusty rolls with lettuce, tomato, and chutney spread liberally on roll tops as a condiment. Serve curry turkey burgers with Thai Slaw and root vegetable chips.nGarnish:nCombine vegetables in a bowl. Combine dressing ingredients in a small plastic container and shake vigorously for 1 minute. Drizzle sauce over vegetables and toss to coat evenly. Let stand 10 minutes and retoss before serving and garnish with toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground turkey breast, the average weight of 1 package, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, A handful cilantro, chopped very fine, about 2 tablespoons, optional, 1 inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons mild curry paste or a handful of curry powder Preferred brand: Pataks Mild Curry Paste, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 5 crusty rolls, split, Bib or leaf lettuce, Sliced vineripe tomatoes, Mango chutney preferred brands: Major Greys or Pataks Mango Chutney, Serving Suggestions: Thai Slaw Salad, recipe follows and root vegetable chips preferred brands: Terra Chips, 1 16 ounces prepared shredded cabbage coleslaw mix from produce department, 14 European seedless cucumber, sliced into thin sticks, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced on bias, 20 leaves fresh basil, shredded, Dressing:, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup white distilled or rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar or 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Garnish:, Toasted sesame seeds], title: Curry Turkey Burgers, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 27955: {instructions: For the puree: Place the potatoes in a pot large enough to accommodate the celery root and the potatoes. Add enough water to cover the vegetables by 2 inches and season generously with salt. Bring to a boil and cook for about 10 minutes. Add the celery root and cook until both vegetables are fork tender. Strain the celery root and potatoes.nPour the cream in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, pass the celery root and potatoes through a food mill into a large bowl. Add onequarter of the hot cream and 2 pats of the butter. Stir vigorously until the cream and butter are thoroughly combined. Repeat for the remaining cream and butter. Taste for seasoning, you will probably have to add salt. Keep warm until ready to use.nFor the haricot verts: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over high heat. Set up a bowl of wellsalted ice water for shocking.nAdd the beans to the boiling water and cook until tender but still have some bite, 5 to 7 minutes. Strain and immediately transfer the beans to the salted ice water. Once cool, strain and set aside until ready to use.nFor the beef: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCoat a medium saute pan with olive oil and set over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and cook until soft and aromatic, 4 minutes. Add the cremini and shiitake mushrooms, and cook until they release some water and then become dry. Add the sherry and cook until almost dry. Remove from the heat and cool. Add the blue cheese, breadcrumbs, chives and parsley, and mix to combine. Transfer the filling to a pastry bag and set aside.nStick a paring knife into a steak and wiggle it back and forth to make a pocket. Repeat for the remaining steak, then squeeze the stuffing into each pocket. Sprinkle the steaks with salt. Coat an ovenproof pan with canola oil and set over mediumhigh heat. Sear the steaks on both sides and transfer the pan to the oven for 5 minutes. Remove the steaks from the pan and set aside to rest.nReturn the pan to the stovetop and set over medium heat. Add the shallots and season with salt. Cook until soft and aromatic. Add the red wine and reduce by half. Stir in the beef stock and mustard. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Whisk in some butter to finish.nTo finish the beans, coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the garlic and crushed red pepper, and set over mediumhigh heat. When the garlic becomes golden and very aromatic, remove it and discard. It has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Add the beans to the pan and saute until hot and coated with oil. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and season with salt.nTop each steak with some pan sauce and serve with some celeriac puree and beans. Garnish with fresh chives to serve., ingredients: [3 large Idaho potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, held in water until ready to use, Kosher salt, 1 large celery root, tough outer parts removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 to 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 stick cold butter, cut into pats, Kosher salt, 8 ounces haricots verts baby string beans, stem ends removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Olive oil, for coating, 12 small red onion, diced, Kosher salt, 6 cremini mushrooms, cleaned and finely chopped, 6 shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and finely chopped, 14 cup dry sherry, 34 cup crumbled blue cheese, such as Stilton, 13 cup unseasoned breadcrumbs, 12 bunch chives, chopped, plus more for garnish, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, Two 2inchthick filet mignons, Canola oil, for searing, 12 shallot, minced, 14 cup red wine, 12 to 34 cup brown beef stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Butter, for finishing], title: Stuffed Beef Tenderloin with Haricot Verts and PotatoCelery Root Puree, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 27956: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden Skewers, 8inches longnSoak skewers in water for at least 1 hour. In a bowl, toss together pork, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, oregano, thyme, garlic, olive oil, salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or overnight. On the 8inch skewers place 5 pieces of meat. Lay on a hot grill and grill slowly no flame continuing to brush on marinade, until meat is done. Serve immediately in a pita, topped with Shredded Salad.nToss all the ingredients in a large bowl, taste and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, 1 12inch cubes, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 6 pitas, Shredded Salad, recipe below, 3 cups shredded green leaf lettuce, 1 small white onion, thinly sliced into half moons, 3 large round tomatoes, medium dice, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Souvlaki  Small Skewers of Pork, picturelink: null}, 27957: {instructions: See how to make caramelnMix 2 cups sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring just until the sugar dissolves. Cook, swirling the pan do not stir, until the mixture is light amber and a candy thermometer registers 320 degrees, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat slowly whisk in 12 cup heavy cream, then 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and a pinch of salt. Return to low heat and whisk until smooth. Let cool until the caramel is thick enough to coat a spoon. Insert sticks into the stem ends of 6 apples and dip the apples into the caramel, letting the excess drip off. Roll in toppings if desired, then let cool on a parchmentlined baking sheet coated with cooking spray.nPhotograph by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Caramel Apples, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 27958: {instructions: First make the sauce. In a skillet heat oil. Add shallots and cook, stirring for 1 minute. Then add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes, or until mushrooms are lightly golden. Now stir in garlic, prosciutto, and red pepper flakes and cook for 30 minutes, and then add chicken stock or broth and simmer for 1 minute. To your pasta, bring a large pot of water to a full rolling boil. When the water is ready, add your pasta. Remember start your cooking time when the water returns to a boil, not when you add the pasta. Cook your pasta according to package directions, after 6 minutes of cooking, add the broccoli rabe to the cooking pasta. Drain pasta and broccoli rabe in a colander and transfer to a serving dish. Top with sauce, mixing well. Garnish if desired., ingredients: [1 pound fusilli pasta, 1 pound broccoli rabe, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup minced shallots, 1 clove garlic, minced, 68 ounces Shiitake mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, 1 68 ounce piece of Prosciutto or similar cured ham, cut into small dice or strips, 121 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes to taste, 13 cup chicken stock or broth, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional garnish, Sundried tomatoes, optional garnish], title: Fusilli with Shiitake Mushrooms Broccoli Rabe and Prosciutto Sauce, picturelink: null}, 27959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrate 2 zucchini and reserve 2 whole for another use. Put the grated zucchini in a clean kitchen towel and squeeze well to remove the excess water.nIn a large bowl combine the zucchini, baking mix, onion, eggs and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well to thoroughly combine.nHeat the canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Using a 14 cup measure drop about 6 to 8 portions of the zucchini mixture into the skillet. Fry on both sides until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and drain on a paper lined sheet pan.nIn a small bowl mix together the sour cream and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the zucchini cakes on a serving platter and serve with the sour cream.nIn a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended., ingredients: [4 zucchini, 1 cup Baking Mix, recipe follows, 12 medium onion, diced small, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 12 cup sour cream, for serving, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 34 cup shortening], title: Zucchini Cakes, picturelink: kd9iuicbIcO1Cx.74JXhROLFJ5TS1i}, 27960: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the broth, beans, garlic, and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the beans are tender, about 45 minutes.nSeason the beans, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cool in the liquid. Drain the beans, reserving the garlic cloves.nPlace the beans in a bowl and coarsely mash with a potato masher. Add 2 to 3 cloves of garlic and continue mashing. Mash in the olive oil, but keep the mixture fairly coarse. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the scallions and parsley. Spoon into a serving bowl and drizzle with white truffle oil. Serve with a basket of crisp toasts and the bottle of truffle oil, for more drizzling., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 23 cup dried great Northern beans, soaked overnight, 3 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced scallions, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, White truffle oil, as needed, 1 loaf bread, such as ciabatta or baguette, sliced and lightly toasted], title: Crushed White Bean Bruschetta with White Truffle Oil, picturelink: null}, 27961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat until it begins to bubble. Add the bananas in a single layer and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until beginning to brown. Flip the bananas with a rubber spatula and brown them slightly on the reverse side. Sprinkle with the cinnamon and cook for another 30 seconds, stirring occasionally. Gently mix in the dulce de leche simmer for 1 minute, then set aside to cool a bit. Serve over ice cream, with mini chocolate chips sprinkled over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 bananas, sliced 13inch thick, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup dulce de leche or your favorite caramel sauce, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Mini chocolate chips, for serving], title: Easy Bananas Foster, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 27962: {instructions: Special Equipment: Steaming basketnServing Suggestion: French baguette, slicednPreheat oven to 350 to 375 degrees F.nIn a large pot fitted with a steaming basket, bring 1inch of water to a boil. Place the endives in the basket, cover, and let cook until very soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a colander and let drain, pushing down on the endives with a clean kitchen towel until as much of the water as possible has been expelled. Do not mush the endivesnIn a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. When the foam has subsided, add the endives and cook, turning occasionally, until brown and caramelized on all surfaces. Remove from heat and wrap each endive in 1 slice of the ham. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. When the foam has subsided whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute, being careful not to brown the flour. Whisk in the milk in a slow, steady stream. Bring to a boil whisking constantly, then reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer until thickened, about 8 minutes. Season with a generous amount of pepper and the nutmeg.nSpread about 1 cup of the sauce over the bottom of a 9 by 13inch glass or ceramic baking dish, then arrange the hamwrapped endives on top in a single layer. Cover with the remaining sauce and the cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted and the sauce is bubbling, about 30 minutes. Turn on the broiler, transfer the pan to the top rack, and broil until the cheese has patches of golden goodness  about 2 minutes. Serve hot with generous amounts of sauce and baguette slices., ingredients: [8 endives, intact but cored, 4 tablespoons butter, 8 slices lowsodium ham, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Freshly cracked black pepper, for seasoning, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated], title: Endive Gratin with Ham and Gruyere Cheese, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 27963: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard and garlic, slowly add the olive oil and whisk until combined. Season with salt and pepper. Pour 12 the marinade over the vegetables and let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. Preheat the grill. Remove the vegetables from the marinade and grill the vegetables until just cooked through. Cut the zucchini and peppers into 12inch pieces, cut the tomatoes in half. Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat, add the couscous and toast until lightly golden brown. Cover the couscous with the hot stock plus hot water and bring to a boil, cook until al dente and drain well. Place in a large serving bowl, add the grilled vegetables and herbs and toss with the remaining vinaigrette. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 green zucchini, quartered lengthwise, 2 yellow zucchini, quartered lengthwise, 6 spears asparagus, trimmed, 12 cherry tomatoes, 1 red bell pepper, quartered and seeded, 1 yellow bell pepper, quartered and seeded, 14 cup basil chiffonade stack leaves, roll in a cigar shape and cut crosswise into thin strips, 14 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Israeli couscous, 2 cups vegetable stock, heated, Hot water to cover], title: Toasted Israeli Couscous Salad with Grilled Summer Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 27964: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Grease a 9 by 15inch baking sheet and set aside. In a large bowl, toss together the almonds, cornmeal, sugar, and cake flour. Make a well in the center of these dry ingredients and add the egg yolks, vanilla, and lemon and orange zests. Use a fork to incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. With your hands, rub the butter into the dry mixture to form a crumbly dough. Shake the dough out onto the prepared baking sheet, spreading to distribute it evenly. Pat it down. Bake until golden brown and firm, about 25 minutes. Allow to cool, and serve. Or break into small pieces and store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons finely ground blanched almonds, 12 cup finely ground cornmeal, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons cake flour, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 10 tablespoon butter softened], title: Torta Fregolotta, picturelink: null}, 27965: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the spaghetti squash in half and place cut side down a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes or until tender when pierced with a knife.nMeanwhile, remove sausage from casings and form small meatballs about the size of a quarter. Heat a heavy nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat and add olive oil. When oil is hot, add meatballs and cook until browned on all sides. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, and garlic and simmer for 15 minutes. In the last minute of cooking, add basil.nWhile sauce is simmering, scrape out the inside of the squash with a fork into a large bowl set aside.nToss sauce and squash together and top with Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large spaghetti squash, 12 pound spicy Italian turkey sausage links, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups diced plum tomatoes, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, sliced, 13 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 27966: {instructions: Mix all ingredients except for cucumber and let marinate for 10 minutes. Divide evenly into the 4 cucumber cups and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces yellowtail, medium diced, 1 tablespoon diced red pepper, 1 diced yellow pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, minced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon coconut milk, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cucumber, hollowed into 4 serving cups], title: Yellowtail Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 27967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 Collins glassnIn a cocktail shaker glass, muddle the cucumber, lime, raspberry and ginger syrup until broken down. Add the vermouth, elderflower liqueur, gin and 3 ice cubes. Shake vigorously until chilled.nPour into a chilled Collins glass and top off with seltzer., ingredients: [3 slices cucumber, 2 lime wedges, 1 raspberry, 34 ounce ginger flavored simple syrup, 1 ounce bianco vermouth, 12 ounce elderflower liqueur, such as St. Germain, 12 ounce gin, such as Plymouth, Seltzer water], title: The Lambs Cup, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 27968: {instructions: Drizzle 1 tablespoon olive oil over the eggplant halves in a microwavesafe bowl and sprinkle with salt. Cover with a microwavesafe plate and cook on high for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toast the pine nuts in a skillet over high heat, about 1 minute transfer to a bowl and add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet. Season the chicken cutlets with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour, shaking off the excess. Add to the skillet and cook until brown on one side, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the chicken, add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Remove the eggplant from the microwave, cool slightly and slice into chunks. Reduce the skillet heat to mediumlow add the sundried tomatoes, eggplant, basil, nuts and chicken broth to the skillet and bring to a simmer.nTransfer the chicken to plates top each with ricotta and the eggplant mixture. Serve with the bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 baby eggplant, halved, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 4 thin chicken cutlets about 1 pound total, Freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 14 cup sundried tomatoes packed in oil, drained,rinsed and roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup ricotta cheese, Rustic bread, for serving], title: Chicken With SunDried Tomato, Eggplant and Basil, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 27969: {instructions: Shell and clean your shrimp, leaving the heads on. Lay the shrimp out on a plate and squeeze the lemon juice on top, followed by some salt, black pepper, chili flakes, if using, and a good splash of olive oil this will partially cook the shrimp. Let the shrimp marinate 10 minutes, if desired, or serve immediately. Garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh shrimp, Juice of 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chili pepper flakes, optional, Extravirgin olive oil, to taste, Fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Marinated Raw Shrimp Shrimp Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 27970: {instructions: Add the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands. Cooks Note: You can also use yeast in the powder form. Let the yeast fully dissolve in the warm water and let stand for 2 minutes.nAdd the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeastwater mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individualsize pizzas. Place on a lightlyfloured surface or pan and cover with a cloth. Let rest for about an hour at room temperature or until the dough has doubled in size., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml lukewarm water, 1 cube or 2 tablespoons30 ml fresh yeast, 4 cups1 L allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon5 ml salt], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 27971: {instructions: Special equipment: 30 sandwich picksnCombine the lamb, veal, oregano, salt and pepper in a large bowl and mix to incorporate. Form into thirty 2ounce patties.nPlace the onions in a heatproof bowl. Combine the vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, bay leaves, 14 cup salt and 1 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the pickling liquid over the onions and let sit for at least 30 minutes.nCombine the mayonnaise, cumin, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a small bowl and mix to incorporate.nTo serve: Prepare an outdoor grill or grill pan to high heat.nGrill the sliders to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium. Spread the bottom of each bun with the cumin mayo top with some onion, feta and a slider, add the top of the bun and skewer with a sandwich pick., ingredients: [1 pound ground lamb, 1 pound ground veal, Pinch of dry oregano, Salt and pepper, 3 red onions, julienned, 2 cups rice wine vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 10 black peppercorns, 4 dried bay leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 14 cup cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 12 lemon, juiced, 30 briochestyle slider buns, toasted, 1 pound feta, crumbled], title: Lamb Sliders, picturelink: null}, 27972: {instructions: In a large saucepan, melt the butter over high heat. Add the onion, celery, and chili pepper and saute until tender stir in the tomato paste. Add the grouper and stir until the fish is coated. Mix in the carrot, tomatoes, red pepper, crushed red pepper flakes, potato, and salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium and add the fish stock, hot sauce, tomato juice, and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer over medium heat for 1 hour.nServe in bowls and drizzle with rum and sherry peppers., ingredients: [1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 12 cups tomato juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Bermuda black rum or dark rum, 1 teaspoon sherry peppers a special Bermudan pepperflavored sherry, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound fresh grouper, cut into chunks, 1 whole carrot, peeled and chopped, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 1 whole red pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large potato, peeled and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fish stock or water], title: Fish Chowder, picturelink: YMxrOQn6RHw7jpDN2U9tQsGUZCXu.d6}, 27973: {instructions: Make the sauce: Bring the balsamic vinegar to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until reduced by about half, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon canola oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavybottomed medium saucepan. Add the onion and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the ketchup and 3 tablespoons water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Add the reduced balsamic vinegar, the chile powder, paprika, mustard, red wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, chipotle chile, brown sugar, honey and molasses. Simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender or transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce into a bowl and let cool to room temperature. The sauce will keep for 1 week refrigerated in a sealed container. If it gets too thick, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons water.nLet the steak sit 30 minutes at room temperature before grilling. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to high. Brush the steak with the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Grill over direct heat until browned on one side, about 3 minutes, then turn over and grill until the other side is browned, about 3 more minutes. Move to a cooler part of the grill, away from direct heat. Baste with the sauce and continue grilling, turning several more times, until medium rare, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and loosely tent with foil. Let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the cheesy bread: Brush the cut side of each piece of bread with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides. Remove from the grill and top each piece with a mound of grated monterey jack cheese. Put the bread on a piece of aluminum foil and return to the grill to melt the cheese. Transfer to a serving platter.nThinly slice the steak against the grain. Arrange the steak slices on the bread and garnish with sliced scallions.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 small chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons packed dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons molasses, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds flank steak, 1 French baguette, halved lengthwise and cut into 4inch pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grated monterey jack cheese, Sliced scallions, for serving], title: Flank Steak With Balsamic Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: MuAB0LTRtnlhX9IetDp49lISyNHAEra}, 27974: {instructions: Drain the chickpeas, reserving the liquid. Rinse the chickpeas and drain again. Set a few chickpeas aside for garnish.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade attachment, combine the tahini, lemon juice, garlic and 1 tablespoon salt. Process until smooth and very creamy, about 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula and process for another 60 seconds the mixture should be light in color and thick. Add the chickpeas in 3 additions, processing until smooth after each addition. With the food processor running, slowly pour the oil into the feed tube in a steady stream and process until the mixture is creamy. If too thick, add up to 34 cup of the reserved chickpea liquid a few tablespoons at a time until hummus is smooth and has a sheen. Season with more salt if desired. Divide the hummus into 3 bowls. Top 1 bowl of hummus with the reserved whole chickpeas and a drizzle of olive oil and set aside.nTo make the spinach and artichoke hummus: Bring 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a small skillet. Add the spinach and cook until wilted, about 30 seconds. Cool and squeeze dry. Finely chop the spinach and mix it together with the artichoke hearts. Reserve about 1 tablespoon of the mixture for garnish and stir the remainder into 1 bowl of hummus garnish with the reserved mixture and a drizzle of olive oil.nTo make the sweetandspicy hummus: Place the pine nuts in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly golden and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Stir black pepper to taste into the last bowl of hummus and make an indentation in the top of the hummus. Fill the indentation with chopped peppadews, pine nuts, more black pepper and a drizzle of olive oil.nServe all 3 hummus bowls with pita chips for dipping., ingredients: [Three 15ounce cans chickpeas, 34 cup tahini, 23 cup fresh lemon juice from about 5 lemons, 6 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 34 cup olive oil, plus more for serving, 3 cups fresh baby spinach, 2 whole marinated artichoke hearts, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, Coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup pickled sweet peppadew peppers, finely chopped, Pita chips, for serving], title: Hummus Trio, picturelink: A3x8ncHgtDbpOJGe3Mxe7T8cpEXrC}, 27975: {instructions: Special equipment: silicone baking mat candy thermometernLine a half sheet pan with a silicone baking mat.nBring the cassis puree to a boil in a pot, continuously stirring to prevent scorching. Combine 110 grams of the sugar with the pectin using a whisk, add to the fruit puree and boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the remaining 1000 grams sugar to the fruit puree in three or four batches, continually whisking. Then add the glucose syrup. Continue to cook, whisking, until a candy thermometer inserted in the mixture reaches 225 degrees F. Then whisk in the citric acid. Quickly pour the mixture onto the prepared sheet pan and cool the mixture completely in the refrigerator.nCut the fruit pate into 2by6inch strips and sandwich between two chocolate bars to serve., ingredients: [1000 grams cassis blackcurrant fruit puree, 1110 grams granulated sugar, 20 grams pectin, 200 grams glucose syrup, 15 grams citric acid, Twelve 2by6inch chocolate bars], title: Cassis Bonbon Sandwich, picturelink: 0tpddD4JkXlVfcoMaCZRtwiic1IRahm}, 27976: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray 2quart shallow baking dish with nonstick cooking spray set aside.nCover potatoes with water in 4quart saucepot bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and cook 10 minutes or until potatoes are tender drain and mash.nStir in 1 cup cheese, Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, sour cream, green onions and 4 strips crumbled bacon. Turn into prepared baking dish and bake 30 minutes or until bubbling.nTop with remaining 12 cup cheese and bacon. Bake an additional 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. Garnish, if desired, with additional chopped green onions., ingredients: [3 lbs. allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cubed, 112 cups shredded cheddar cheese about 6 oz., divided, 1 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 3 green onions, finely chopped optional, 6 slices bacon, crispcooked and crumbled], title: Creamy Loaded Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 27977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt butter, peanut butter and chips together in saucepan over medium heat or melt in bowl in microwave. Pour chocolate mixture over cereal in a large bowl. Stir to coat. Put powdered sugar in brown grocery bag and pour cereal into bag and shake to coat. Cut open bag to lay flat and spread out coated cereal. Sprinkle with extra sugar if necessary., ingredients: [6 cups Crispix or Corn Chex, 12 stick butter, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 6 ounces chocolate chips, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: People Chow, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 27978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. While the skillet preheats, sprinkle the ground meat with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 12 teaspoons pepper and mix gently. Form into six 6ounce patties 13 inch thick and about 4 inches wide. Press a dimple in the center of each. Place the patties in the preheated pan and sear. If your pan isnt large enough, sear the burgers in batches, adding more salt to the pan between each batch.nFor medium, cook the burgers until the sides turn brown and the bottoms are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes, and then flip and cook until the center reaches 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about another 3 minutes.nTurn off the heat. Top each burger with 2 tablespoons Kentucky Steak Sauce and 1 tablespoon crumbled blue cheese. Transfer the burgers to the bottoms of the buns, top with some arugula and the bun tops. Serve with barbecue potato chips and more Kentucky Steak Sauce on the side.nAdd the onion, garlic, ketchup, bourbon, Worcestershire sauce, sorghum, soy sauce, apple cider vinegar, wholegrain mustard, lemon juice, bay leaf and 14 cup water to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir to combine and bring up to a simmer. Continue to cook until smooth and slightly reduced, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain to remove the onion, garlic and bay leaf. Refrigerate until ready to serve or for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 14 pounds coarsely ground prime rib, 34 cup Kentucky Steak Sauce, plus more for serving, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons crumbled smoked blue cheese, 2 cups baby arugula, 6 burger buns, split and toasted, Barbecue potato chips, for serving, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 cups ketchup, 12 cup bourbon, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup sorghum see Cooks Note, 13 cup soy sauce, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 bay leaf], title: Prime Rib Burgers, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 27979: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. Preheat grill or grill pan. Brush the hens with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the hens over low heat until cooked through, approximately 10 to 12 minutes per side. Serve each person a whole hen and sprinkle with the gremolata., ingredients: [14 cup finely minced garlic, 14 cup finely minced lemon zest, 14 cup finely chopped tarragon, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, 14 cup finely chopped chervil, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 Rock Cornish game hens, butterflied, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Butterflied Cornish Hens with Fine Herb Gremolata, picturelink: null}, 27980: {instructions: Special equipment: Metal hornsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut wonton skins on a diagonal. Spray skins and metal horns with nonstick spray. Roll skins round horn and bake for 5 minutes. Dredge the diced shallots in flour and deepfry in canola oil until crispy. Remove the shallots from the pan and put them on a paper towel to remove excess oil. Mix tuna with Thai marinade, water chestnuts, basil leaves and crispy fried shallots. Using a tablespoon, scoop tuna mixture into wonton cones. Dip cones into wasabi topika. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Wonton skins, Nonstick vegetable spray, 1 cup diced shallots, Allpurpose flour, Canola oil, 2 cups chopped fresh sushi grade tuna, 1 cup secret Thai marinade: mixture soy sauce, sesame oil hoisin, chili paste, ginger and garlic, 1 cup chopped water chestnuts, 6 basil leaves, chopped, Wasabi Topika Tobiko], title: Tuna Ceviche Cones, picturelink: null}, 27981: {instructions: Rinse chicken breasts and pat them dry with paper toweling. Rub with Cajun spice and set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet or saute pan with an oven safe handle, and saute scallions and mushrooms until they are tender and the mushrooms begin to give up their juices. With a slotted spoon remove mushrooms and scallions to a utility platter and keep covered with aluminum foil or a lid in a warm place. Leave room on the platter for the chicken. Add seasoned chicken to the skillet, searing all sides. Deglaze the pan with white wine, let sizzle for a few minutes and spoon the wine and juices over the chicken to coat, and then cover pan and transfer to oven. Bake until fork tender, about 25 minutes.nWhile the chicken is in the oven, heat the mushroom soup in a small saucepan and whisk in demiglace to give it additional flavor. Cover and let simmer over low heat.nRemove chicken from oven be sure to use an oven mitt  the handle on that pan will be hot and use tongs to transfer the chicken to the utility platter alongside the mushroom mixture. Cover and keep warm.nAdd about 12 cup water to the pan in which the chicken was baking and stir to loosen the browned bits of flavor on the bottom. Place a strainer over the pot of mushroom soup and demiglace and still using an oven mitt for that hot handle pour the juice from the chicken pan through the strainer into the sauce. Whisk together the sauce and pan juices and let cook for a few more minutes to integrate flavors.nPlace chicken on serving dish. Spoon sauce over. Top with sauteed mushroomsonions and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [6 6ounce chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Cajun Spice, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal, 2 cups fresh button mushrooms, sliced about 6 ounces, 12 cup white wine, 1 10 12ounce can condensed cream of mushroom soup, 12 cup demiglace, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, about 1ounce in weight], title: Mushroom Cajun Chicken, picturelink: GXmYX0CamRwjBQXniwHGLPP0hICP2nm}, 27982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nCombine the ricotta cheese, Parmesan, olive oil, eggs and 1 teaspoon salt with a whisk in a large mixing bowl. Add the allpurpose flour in 3 parts, stirring with a rubber spatula.nBring the dough together in a ball and cut off onequarter of it. Dust the work surface with allpurpose flour to prevent sticking, and roll the cutoff piece of dough into a dowel shape about 58 inch in diameter. Cut the dowel into 58inch pieces. Dust some parchment paper with semolina flour and place the gnocchi on it to prevent sticking. Repeat with the rest of the dough, quarter by quarter.nCook the gnocchi in the boiling water for 2 minutes. Serve tossed with a bit of the Pancetta Tomato Sauce. Alternatively, you can freeze the uncooked gnocchi for up to 2 weeks.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until the fat has rendered and the pancetta is crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the pancetta from the pan and reserve, leaving the fat behind.nAdd the diced onions to the hot pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute more. Add the crushed tomatoes, cover and bring to a simmer. Cook for 20 minutes, then remove the lid, add the reserved pancetta and cook an additional 10 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper, stir in the basil and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Semolina flour, for dusting, Pancetta Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 6 ounces thickcut pancetta about 3 14inch slices, diced, 12 cup diced onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 5 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Ricotta Gnocchi, picturelink: ku4pjUM5u5CYtCg7ijomEnWjc2Tt4g2}, 27983: {instructions: Special equipment: skewers, soaked for 30 minutes if wood or bamboonFor the yogurt sauce: Stir together the yogurt, mint, lemon juice and cucumbers. Add salt to taste. Refrigerate while the meat marinates. The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead.nFor the kabobs: Mix the yogurt, cilantro, coriander, cumin, turmeric, allspice, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper together in a large bowl. Add the beef and chicken you can separate them into 2 bowls if you prefer and toss to coat in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours.nPrepare a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat.nToss the peppers and onions with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste.nThread the chicken and beef onto separate skewers about 5 pieces of meat per skewer, threading a piece of onion between each piece of meatfor even cooking, avoid overcrowding the skewers. Use 2 skewers to thread the peppers, to make them easier to turn. Make 4 double skewers with 3 peppers each.nGrill the kabobs, turning occasionally, until lightly charred on the outside and cooked through, 6 to 7 minutes for the beef mediumrare, 10 to 12 minutes for the chicken, and about 12 minutes for the vegetables.nServe the kabobs with lemon wedges and the yogurt sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup plain lowfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 Persian cucumber, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 cup plain lowfat Greek yogurt, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound beef sirloin tip, cut into 34inch pieces, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 34inch pieces, 12 mixedcolor baby bell peppers about 8 ounce, 1 red onion, cut into 12inch pieces, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Spiced Beef and Chicken Kabobs with Cucumber Yogurt, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 27984: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray the inside of a large mixing bowl with vegetable cooking spray, and lightly spray a baking sheet. Set aside.nIn a 3 quart or larger, heavybottomed pan, heat the oil and popcorn over mediumhigh heat. Cover the pan and shake gently. Cook until all the kernels have popped, about 3 minutes. Place the popcorn in the prepared bowl.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the butter over low heat. Add the vanilla extract and marshmallows. Stir constantly until the marshmallows have melted and the mixture is smooth, about 5 minutes. Pour the melted marshmallow mixture over the popcorn. Using a spatula, sprayed with cooking spray, stir until the popcorn is coated. Spread the mixture over the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle with the chocolate bar pieces, cookies, almonds and chocolate candies. Using a spatula, gently press the toppings into the popcorn. Allow the mixture to dry for 1 hour.nBreak into 2inch pieces and store airtight in a plastic container.nServing Suggestion: Place in small plastic bags and seal with colored ribbon., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup popcorn kernels, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 cups 12ounces mini marshmallows, 6 funsize caramel peanut chocolate bars such as Snickers, cut into 14inch pieces, 3 3inch chocolate chip cookies, crumbled, 13 cup chopped salted almonds,, 12 cup orange and black chocolate candies such as M and Ms], title: Halloween Popcorn Treats, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 27985: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chorizo: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the chorizo and using a wooden spoon break it up into small pieces. Cook the chorizo until it is golden brown and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate and let cool slightly. Reserve the chorizo for the egg recipe, below. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the rendered fat for the eggs.nFor the tomatored chile sauce: Add the onions to the pan with the sausage drippings and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Deglaze with the wine and cook until reduced by half.nAdd the pureed tomatoes, water, ancho chile, chipotle chile in adobo, pasilla chile, and honey and cook over mediumhigh heat until the sauce has thickened, stirring occasionally, about 20 to 30 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and stir in the lime juice just before removing from the heat.nFor the eggs: Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the 1 tablespoon rendered fat from the sausage. Add the butter to the pan, after the butter melts, turn the heat down to medium.nCarefully crack the eggs into the pan and add the cooked chorizo sausage, season with salt and pepper and cook, until the whites are completely firm but the yolks are still soft, about 2 minutes  sunnyside up.nFor serving: Combine the crema and lime zest in a small bowl.nPlace a few spoonfuls of the tomatored chile sauce on 4 plates. Place a fried tortilla on each plate and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese, put the plates in the oven and melt the cheese on top of the sauce. Divide the fried eggs and crisped chorizo over the tortillas and ladle the warm tomatored chile sauce over top. Sprinkle each tortilla with about 3 tablespoons of the cheese and some of the lime crema and garnish with the chopped cilantro. Serve immediately.nCrema:nCombine the lime juice and cream in a small bowl, loosely cover with plastic wrap and allow to sit at room temperature for 8 hours. Stir well, cover tightly and store in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more to coat, 8 ounces chorizo sausage, casings removed, 12 Spanish yellow onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, coarsely chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 12 cups canned plum tomatoes and their juices, pureed until smooth and strained, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo puree, 2 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 fresh lime, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Lime Crema, recipe follows, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, TomatoRed Chile Sauce, recipe follows, 4 fried corn tortillas, fried whole, plus more cut in strips, for garnish, 34 cup coarsely grated aged white Cheddar cheese, 5 fried eggs, over easy, recipe follows, Crispy Chorizo, recipe follows, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Juice of 12 lime 1 tablespoon, 12 cup heavy cream], title: RanchStyle Eggs with Chorizo and TomatoRed Chile Sauce, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 27986: {instructions: Heat the chicken stock in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat until hot, reduce the heat to low, and keep the stock at a low simmer.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Cook the scallions, stirring, just until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the rice, stirring slowly and continuously with a wooden spoon until the grains are opaque and coated in the oil, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and pour in the wine. Cook and stir until all the liquid has evaporated, about 3 minutes. Dont let the rice brown.nLadle in about 1 cup of the warm stock and stir with a wooden spoon until the rice has absorbed all the liquid, about 6 minutes. When almost all the liquid is gone, ladle in another 12 cup stock. Keep stirring and adding the stock, 12 cup at a time, allowing the rice to absorb the liquid before adding more. After the rice has absorbed 2 12 cups stock, taste it. The rice should be firm to the bite but creamy. If it is hard, continue to add stock, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly, until the rice tastes perfect to you. You may not need all of the stock.nStir in the corn and reduce the heat to very low so the risotto stops simmering. Stir in the butter, cheese, and herbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups Rich Chicken Stock or storebought lowsodium stock, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or Carnaroli or Vialone Nano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup dry white wine such as Sauvignon Blanc, 34 cup fresh corn see note, page 53 or frozen, thawed, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup freshly grated or shredded Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon Herbes de Provence see note], title: Sweet Corn Risotto with Herbes de Provence, picturelink: gRTIGKsY.tA9BmNmESh4hG4JPOLZpn6}, 27987: {instructions: For the carrots: Place the carrots in a 10inch saute pan. Add 1 12 cups water, the sugar or maple syrup and salt. Place the pan over high heat and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula to dissolve the sugar. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and continue to simmer vigorously, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has thickened to a syrup and the carrots are fork tender, about 12 minutes. Stir in the butter. Remove from the heat and cool for 5 minutes before serving.nFor the gremolata: Meanwhile, mix together the walnuts, parsley, thyme, lemon zest and salt in a medium bowl.nTo serve, gently toss the carrots to coat them in the thickened syrup. Spoon them onto a platter and sprinkle with half of the gremolata. Serve the remaining gremolata on the side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds baby carrots, cleaned, washed and trimmed, 13 cup smoked sugar or smoked maple syrup, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 1 cup Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Smokey Candied Carrots with Walnut Gremolata, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 27988: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pesto: In a food processor, combine the basil, parsley, mint, Parmesan, pine nuts, anchovy paste, pepper and garlic. Pulse until chunky. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until the pesto is smooth.nFor the ravioli: In a medium bowl, mix together the ricotta, mozzarella, mascarpone, Parmesan, breadcrumbs, nutmeg, 34 teaspoon salt and the pepper.nIn a small bowl, mix together the egg and 1 teaspoon water until smooth.nUsing a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the wonton wrappers with the egg mixture. Spoon 1 level tablespoon of the filling into the center of each wonton wrapper. Fold the opposite corners of each wonton wrapper over to form triangle shapes. Seal the edges firmly, pressing out any air around the filling. Can be made a few hours in advance. Cover with foil and refrigerate until ready to use.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons salt and the olive oil. In batches, add the ravioli to the water and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, carefully remove the ravioli and drain in a colander. Transfer the ravioli to shallow soup bowls. Spoon the sauce over the ravioli and serve., ingredients: [1 packed cup fresh basil leaves, 12 packed cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 packed cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup 1 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups 12 ounces, fresh wholemilk ricotta, 34 packed cup 3 ounces coarsely grated mozzarella, at room temperature, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, at room temperature, 14 cup plain breadcrumbs, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 1 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 35 storebought wonton wrappers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: FourCheese Ravioli with Herb Pesto, picturelink: geM2aw8QIqPPwdCSZ7thwHSqLnUlgJ.}, 27989: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium add 12 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste, the celery and shallot and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 4 minutes. Add 6 tablespoons flour, the butter and nutmeg and cook, stirring, until the flour is toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the broth and cook, stirring, until the mixture is the consistency of gravy, about 4 minutes. Slowly stir in the milk and simmer, stirring, until very thick, 6 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the heat, transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pulse the bread in a food processor to make fine crumbs transfer to a shallow dish. Put the remaining 1 14 cups flour in another shallow dish beat the eggs in a third dish. Drop tablespoonfuls of the chilled mushroom mixture into the flour and toss to coat, then shape into 1 14inchlong croquettes. Dip in the eggs, then roll in the breadcrumbs and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.nHeat 12 inch vegetable oil in a deep saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 360 degrees F. Working in batches, add the croquettes and fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt. Serve with mustard.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups diced mixed mushroom caps, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 14 cups plus 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 4 slices white sandwich bread, torn, 3 large eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Dijon mustard, for serving], title: Mushroom Croquettes, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 27990: {instructions: Pierce the casings of knockwurst and arrange in medium skillet. Add 1 inch of water, bring to a simmer and warm wursts through. Remove from the pan. Drain the skillet and add butter. Melt butter over medium heat. Cut each knockwurst into 13 and add back to the pan to crisp casings. Add sauerkraut to the pan, sprinkle in caraway, add bay leaf and peppercorns. Pour the beer into the skillet. When the beer comes to a bubble reduce heat to simmer.nHeat a second skillet over medium high. Add oil, 1 turn of the pan and add chopped bacon. When the bacon renders its fat, add onions and saute 3 to 5 minutes, then add sliced apples and saute mixture another 2 or 3 minutes. Add smoked chops to the pan and caramelize meat on both sides, 2 or 3 minutes. Remove chops to a plate and loosely cover with foil. Pour the beer into the pan and reduce heat to a simmer.nWhen you are ready to serve, cut several slices of pumpernickel in half down the middle. Place a bowl of spicy mustard alongside the pumpernickel bread for passing at the table.nPlace 2 or 3 chunks of the knockwurst on each dinner plate on a bed of spiced sauerkraut. Serve 3 pieces of smoked pork chops topped with bacon, apples and onions. Place deli style large dill or half sour pickles, German cheeses and pretzels out for an evening of uber snacking, ingredients: [1 16ounce package 4 links knockwurst, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon whole peppercorns, 1 cup dark German beer, Spicy mustard, 1 loaf pumpernickel, sliced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium to large yellow onion, quartered then thinly sliced, 1 green apple, cored and thinly sliced, 6 thin cut boneless smoked pork chops, halved on an angle, available near packaged ham in meat case, 1 cup dark German beer, 12 pound each of 2 cheese selections such as: beer kaese, bruder basil, muenster, Sour pickles, 1 bag Bavarian pretzels], title: Knocks and Chops: Knockwurst with Spiced Sauerkraut and Smoked Pork Chops with Bacon, Apple and Onion, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 27991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, pour the hot coffee over the dried porcini mushrooms and leave to steep. When cool, drain, reserving the soaking liquid, and chop the mushrooms finely.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCut the beef into 2inch cubes and toss with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Heat a large widebottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add a thin film of canola oil. Brown the beef in the oil in two or three batches, giving the meat some space. Add the browned meat to a bowl or baking dish as you go. Once all the beef is browned, pour off the excess grease, and add the red wine and Madeira to the pan. Cook until reduced by a third, about 3 minutes then pour the wine over the meat. Set aside.nAdd the butter, onions and 12 teaspoon salt to the saucepan. Cook until the onions are soft and brown, about 20 minutes. Add the celery and the shiitake and cremini mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring, until the vegetables wilt, 10 minutes. Add the sweet paprika, smoked paprika, thyme, cloves and tomatoes, as well as the porcini mushrooms and their soaking liquid leave any grit behind in the bowl. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the bay leaves and beef stock, and the browned beef and all the juices from the bowl. Bring to a simmer.nCover the pan and transfer it to the oven. Bake for 1 hour then lower the heat to 300 degrees and bake until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours longer. Serve in bowls, topped with dollops of Horseradish Cream.nWhip the cream in a cold metal bowl until soft peaks form. Add the horseradish, sour cream, salt, sugar, cayenne and vinegar, and stir to combine., ingredients: [12 cup hot coffee or water, 1 small handful dried porcini mushrooms, 3 pounds beef chuck roast, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 2 cups red wine, such as merlot, 12 cup Madeira wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large onions, cut into large dice, 2 cups diced celery, Two 3 12ounce packages fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, quartered, One 8ounce package fresh cremini mushrooms, quartered, 1 12 tablespoons sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cups canned whole Roma tomatoes, hand crushed, 2 to 3 bay leaves, 3 cups lowsodium beef stock, Horseradish Cream, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, cold, 14 cup freshly grated or prepared horseradish, 14 cup sour cream, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, Pinch cayenne, Dribble apple cider vinegar], title: Beef Stew with Red Wine, Mushrooms and Horseradish Cream, picturelink: UUcMK1tuYKYdBMvRdS50WY1FMdnFWe}, 27992: {instructions: Combine the ground mustard, paprika, salt, chili powder, cumin, black pepper, cayenne pepper and garlic in a large mixing bowl and mix until well blended., ingredients: [1 cup ground mustard, 1 cup paprika, 1 cup salt, 12 cup chili powder, 12 cup ground cumin, 12 cup ground black pepper, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 14 cup granulated garlic], title: Whitners BBQ Rub, picturelink: null}, 27993: {instructions: Thaw puff pastry at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes. Unfold. If pastry does not unfold easily, thaw for an additional 5 to 10 minutes and retry.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out pastry to a 10 by 12inch rectangle. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet. With a dry pastry brush, brush away any excess flour.nIn a small bowl, lightly beat together egg and 1 tablespoon water to create an egg wash.nWith the pastry brush, brush entirety of dough sheet surface with egg wash. Along all 4 sides, fold over a 12inch of the edge to create a ridged border around pastry. Brush top of this rim with egg wash as well. Prick pastry inside the rim all over with a fork this ensures that the dough inside the border does not puff up like the outer rim will.nArrange thinly sliced pears on pastry, covering all of surface area, but in a single layer. Sprinkle pears with sugar, pear liqueur, and dot with cubes of butter.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes or until puffed and golden brown.nWhile tart is baking, combine peach preserves and peach nectar in a microwavesafe bowl. Stir to combine. Heat on high for 15 seconds at a time until preserves have melted, stirring each time. Once mixture has completely melted, push through a fine mesh strainer to remove any lumps or pieces of fruit. Set aside.nOnce tart has finished baking, remove from oven. Brush peach glaze over entire tart, both fruit and pastry. Cool to room temperature and serve., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon water, 1 can 26 ounces pear halves, drained and thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon pear liqueur, optional, 2 tablespoons butter, cubed, 14 cup peach preserves, 2 teaspoons peach nectar, Baking sheet, Rolling pin, Pastry brush, Microwavesafe bowl], title: Peach Pear Tart, picturelink: null}, 27994: {instructions: Warm gravy with stock in medium saucepan over medium high heat. Thicken with cornstarch mixture if necessary. Bring to a simmer. Stir in beef, carrots, potatoes and peas. Toss noodles with butter and parsley. Top noodles with beef stew., ingredients: [1 cup leftover or canned beef gravy, 8 oz medium butter noodles, cooked, 1 cup low sodium beef stock and drained, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup chopped parsley, 23 slices leftover pot roast, cut in strips, Salt and pepper, Leftover roasted carrots and potatoes, diced 23 cup frozen peas], title: Speedy Beef Stew with Noodles, picturelink: null}, 27995: {instructions: Spread cream cheese on each of 4 pound cake slices. Spread raspberry jam over cream cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces cream cheese, 4 34inch thick slices pound cake, 2 ounces seedless raspberry jam], title: Open Faced Raspberry Cream Sandwich, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 27996: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the peanuts in a plastic bag, seal, and crush with a heavybottomed skillet. Melt butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add bananas and saute for 1 minute on each side, just until golden. Transfer bananas to 4 shallow dessert bowls and top with ice cream, warm hot fudge sauce, whipped topping, and peanuts., ingredients: [4 tablespoons dry roasted peanuts, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 bananas, peeled and halved lengthwise, 2 cups Neapolitan ice cream, 12 cup warm hot fudge sauce, 1 cup whipped topping], title: Sauteed Banana Splits, picturelink: Ys71VQratv11Ff6xCYqPEkPph1gXeGC}, 27997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mediumsize pot over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper, and brown on both sides until golden, about 5 minutes on each side. Remove the chicken from the pan to a cutting board and reserve.nTo the same pot add the garlic, shallots, and carrots and saute until golden. Remove the vegetables to a bowl and reserve. Turn the heat down to medium.nMelt the butter in the pot, whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the chicken stock, and potatoes and cook until potatoes are mostly cooked but still firm, about 8 to 10 minutes. The chicken stock will have thickened to a sauce consistency. Turn off the heat.Chop the chicken into chunks and add the chicken and veggies back to the pot. Stir in the peas, and then the 1 12 tablespoons garam masala and 2 teaspoons salt. Ladle the mixture into 4 10ounce oven safe bowls.nOn a flat work suface, dust the puff pastry with flour and roll it out just a little thinner than it comes. Cut the puff pastry in squares large enough to hang over the sides of each bowl. Cover the bowls with the puff pastry pressing down around the sides. Brush with a touch of olive oil and sprinkle with some more garam masala. Cut a slit in the top of the pastry to allow steam to escape. Transfer to the oven and bake until the tops are golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 4 boneless and skinless chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, plus 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and sliced, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting puff pastry, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 russet potato, peeled and cubed, 12 cup frozen peas, defrosted, 1 12 tablespoons garam masala, plus more for sprinkling, 2 sheets 1 pound package frozen puff pastry, defrosted slightly, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Garam Masala Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: 3GJokOtzWzXvjcD5AAtPFjcjSXCzYW}, 27998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain. Toss with the sundried tomatoes. Set aside to cool completely otherwise the hot pasta could curdle the eggs when you add them later on.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs, salt, and pepper, Parmesan, and fontina to blend. Add the cooled spaghetti mixture toss to coat.nPreheat the broiler. Melt the butter and oil in a 9 12inchdiameter nonstick skillet over medium heat. Transfer the spaghetti mixture to the skillet, pressing to form an even layer. Cook until the bottom is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the broiler. Broil until the top is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Cool in the skillet to room temperature.nInvert the torta onto a platter. Cut into wedges and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces spaghetti, 12 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained and chopped, 4 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup grated fontina, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Torta di Pasta, picturelink: q4eGvOJ6Eqm4Dkv6l1rgOGPWRiWHKG}, 27999: {instructions: In a heatproof bowl, melt 1 stick of the butter in the microwave and allow it to cool.nAdd 14 cup warm not hot water, the yeast, and 2 tablespoons of sugar to a small bowl and stir slightly with fork. Set aside to proof.nIn a mixing bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, put 3 cups of the flour with the salt, eggs preferably at room temperature, 1 cup warm not hot water, 1 cup sugar, and the cooled melted butter. Mix well.nAdd the yeast mixture and gradually add the remaining 2 cups of flour and keep beating. Cooks Note: You may not need the whole 5 cups of flour the stickier not runny the dough, the lighter the rolls.nTransfer the dough to a large bowl and pour about 14 cup of oil over the dough. Cover with a plate and let rise, at least double or more its original size, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAfter the dough has risen, transfer it to a floured surface and knead it a little. Roll out the dough about 14inch thick or thinner. Let the dough rest a few minutes while you melt the other stick of butter. Use a cookie cutter and cut out rolls. Dip each roll in melted butter, fold in half and put them on a sheet pan. Arrange them close together, filling up the pan.nBake until nice and brown. Ovens vary, so maybe about 20 minutes.nTake the pan out of oven and immediately brush the rolls with butter. Transfer them to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 1 14 cups warm water, 2 packages dry yeast recommended: Rapid Rise Fleishmanns, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 cup, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: My Aunt Terries Famous Homemade Dinner Rolls Best Ever, picturelink: null}, 28000: {instructions: Combine the cottage cheese, cucumber, 1 tablespoon of the oil, vinegar, garlic, mint, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to let the flavors meld. The tzatziki can be made to this point and refrigerated overnight.nDivide the tzatziki evenly among 4 bowls. Dividing evenly, arrange the pita chips, tomatoes, stuffed grape leaves and olives around the tzatziki. Whisk together the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil with the lemon juice, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper, and drizzle all over the tzatziki and accompaniments. Garnish with dill., ingredients: [1 pound lowfat, smallcurd cottage cheese about 1 34 cups, 1 Kirby cucumber, shredded, excess moisture squeezed out, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 12 teaspoon dried mint, rubbed with your fingers to crumble, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pita chips about 10 chips, 12 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 4 vegetarian stuffed grape leaves, cut in half on the bias, 12 pitted kalamata olives, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup lightly packed fresh dill fronds], title: CottageCheese Tzatziki Mezze Plate, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 28001: {}, 28002: {instructions: For each sundae, layer: hot fudge sauce, 1 scoop ice cream, moon pie pieces, a second scoop of ice cream, fudge sauce, whipped cream., ingredients: [Fudge sauce, heated in small bowl in microwave, Fudge swirl ice cream, 4 Moon Pies, coarsely chopped, Whipped cream], title: Full Moon Sundaes, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 28003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the raspberries, banana, orange juice, milk, yogurt, honey and ice in a blender and process until smooth and serve., ingredients: [12 pint fresh raspberries, 1 ripe banana, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup skim milk, 14 cup yogurt, Greek or regular, 1 tablespoon good honey, 2 cups ice], title: Banana Raspberry Smoothies, picturelink: r6WFXhOKw85.Nyf27.KKnJQLKZ6K}, 28004: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bread crumbs, salt, crab boil seasoning, and pepper and stir with a wooden spoon until the butter is fully incorporated. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nPut the crabmeat in a large bowl, and pick through to remove all the shells. Add the lemon juice and toss. Mix in the sour cream, egg, flour, parsley, mustard, and prepared bread crumb mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Form the crab mixture into 6 patties, approximately 2 14ounces each. Coat each patty in flour and shake off excess.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the crab cakes and cook until evenly browned, about 2 minutes on each side. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the Oyster House Cocktail sauce on the side.nMix all the ingredients together and store in an airtight container until ready to use., ingredients: [12 stick sweet, unsalted butter, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 1 lemon, juiced, 34 sour cream, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup chili sauce, 14 cup prepared horseradish, strained and liquid removed, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommend: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Crab Cakes with Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28005: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the sweet potatoes in the middle of the oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until tender. Let them cool. Peel the sweet potatoes and cut them diagonally into 14inch slices, and place them in a buttered 14inch gratin dish. In a stainless steel or enameled saucepan, cook the remaining ingredients over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Spoon the mixture over the sweet potatoes and bake the gratin in the middle of the oven, basting occasionally, for 30 minutes.nThe uncooked gratin, can be assembled 1 day ahead and kept refrigerated, and covered. Put the gratin under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat until the edges are browned lightly., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, pricked several times with a skewer, 3 ounces 34 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground mace], title: Sweet Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 28006: {instructions: In a small saute pan, with a cover, saute mushrooms in 1 tablespoon butter until they begin to brown, remove from pan and season, set aside. In the same pan melt remaining butter and add egg, when the white is slightly firm break the yolk and spread it over the egg. Top the egg with mushrooms and shredded mozzarella and cover the pan. Cook until cheese melts. Garnish with chopped parsley. Remove with a spatula to buttered pumpernickel., ingredients: [3 large button mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, separated, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 large egg, 1ounce fresh mozzarella, shredded, 1 piece pumpernickel bread, buttered, Chopped parsley for garnish], title: Fried Egg, Mushroom and Mozzarella Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 28007: {instructions: Toss 34 pound green beans with olive oil and salt on a double sheet of foil fold to seal. Grill 18 minutes, turning once. Toss 1 bunch halved scallions with olive oil, salt and pepper grill 3 minutes. Toss with the green beans, olive oil, salt and pepper. Serve with lemon wedges.nSERVES: 4 Calories: 126 Total Fat: 10 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 8 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 446 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Green Beans and Scallions, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 28008: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook whole chickens with skin intact in a roaster pans filled with a gallon of water per 2 chickens. Sprinkle each chicken with seasoning salt, pepper, poultry seasoning and top with sliced or chopped onions. Add 6 chicken bouillon cubes to each pan. Reserve all broth to use when cooking stew.nCook chickens for approximately an hour. Allow chickens to cool. Remove onions from chicken and transfer them into the broth. Remove skin from each chicken and discard. Bone all chickens.nIf you plan to cook the chickens ahead of time, they can be frozen and stored in freezer bags separate from the broth. Allow 24 hours to thaw before preparing stew.nStew Preparation: Heat the reserved broth to a boil in a cast iron kettle over an open fire. This will take about 30 minutes. Mix in onions and all cans of tomatoes. Continue heating for 30 additional minutes. Add diced potatoes, garlic, sugar and chili powder. Boil mixture for 1 hour. Add chickens and any additional spices or seasoning salts desired and let simmer for a few minutes. Finally, add the cans of kernel and creamstyle corn just before serving as it will scorch if added too soon. Remove pot from fire when thoroughly heated.nServe with saltine crackers and cheddar cheese.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [10 whole chickens approximately 4 pounds each, 5 gallons bottled water, 6 chicken bouillon cubes 3 per pan, Seasoning salt recommended: Lantana brand, Salt, Pepper, Poultry seasoning, 5 pounds onions, sliced or chopped, 2 gallons canned tomatoes, stewed or whole peeled, 2 16ounce cans tomato paste, 2 16ounce cans canned tomatoes, flavored with garlic, 2 16ounce cans tomatoes recommended: Rotel brand, 20 pounds potatoes, peeled and diced into one inch cubes, 2 bulbs garlic, peeled, chopped or minced, 2 12 cups sugar, Chili powder, to taste, 1 gallon canned corn, whole kernel, 1 gallon canned corn, cream style], title: Hopkins County Stew, picturelink: null}, 28009: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cayenne, paprika, salt, pepper and sugar. Add the sausage, corn, eggs, milk and thyme. Stir in the melted butter and combine well.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil and evenly coat the pan. Ladle 2 to 3 ounces of batter into the pan and shape into a mini pancake. Repeat to fill the pan. Cook for 2 minutes before flipping and cooking the other side. Repeat with remaining batter. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Pinch cayenne, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch cracked black pepper, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup finely diced andouille sausage, 1 12 cups frozen corn kernels, thawed, 2 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup butter, melted, 3 tablespoons canola oil], title: Andouille Sausage Corn Fritters, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 28010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the beans, celery, tomatoes, pickles, and onion together in a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk the olive oil, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, sugar, cloves, paprika, salt and pepper. Pour the salad dressing over the beans and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 1 large ripe tomato, cored, halved and chopped, 12 cup chopped sweet pickles, 12 small red or yellow onion, finely minced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves], title: Red Bean Beach Salad, picturelink: vY9XE2cRa4OT5ULNAsoEseGEJzBOXS.}, 28011: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 28012: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over medium heat. Melt butter, then add shrimp, scallops, onions, peppers and tomatoes. Stir in chili sauce with beans and bring to a simmer. Stir in fried fish. Place rice in an ovenproof baking dish, add seafood mixture and top with cheese. Bake until cheese is melted and bubbly, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 3 jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails removed and cut into 4 pieces each, 3 large scallops, foot removed, cut into 4 pieces each, 14 cup diced onions, 14 cup diced green peppers, 14 cup diced tomatoes, 2 cups prepared chili sauce with beans, 2 pieces fried fish, diced, 12 cup cooked rice, 14 cup shredded Cheddarmozzarella cheese mix], title: Seafood Chili, picturelink: null}, 28013: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of a baking sheet.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until tender, about 8 minutes drain well. Transfer the macaroni to a large bowl, add the butter and toss to coat.nWhisk together the milk, eggs and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium bowl. Add the milkegg mixture to the macaroni add the Cheddar and stir until evenly distributed.nPour the macaroni onto the prepared baking sheet and spread flat. Bake until the top is brown and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound macaroni, 3 cups whole milk, 4 large eggs, 12 ounces yellow Cheddar, grated about 4 cups], title: Crispy Mac and Cheese, picturelink: nuj8zhFmH2vigmBMLlEus93a4AsMN6}, 28014: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium size saucepan, add the vegetables, and fry gently for 5 minutes until soft but not browned.nStir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in the stock and return to heat. Bring to a boil, stirring continuously until the soup thickens. Allow to simmer on low heat for 30 minutes.nCool soup slightly and press through a sieve. Return soup to pan, add the milk, and heat gently. Stir in the Stilton, salt and pepper, and heavy cream until melted. Blend soup for extra thickness.nDo not allow soup to boil at this point, it will curdle.nTo serve, garnish with croutons., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 small broccoli head, chopped, 6 tablespoons flour, 3 34 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup Stilton cheese, crumbled, Salt and pepper, 4 to 5 tablespoons heavy cream, Croutons, for garnish], title: Blue Stilton Soup, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 28015: {instructions: Slice the beef on an electric meat slicer, or use the following method: with plastic wrap, tightly roll the steak into a torpedo or log shape. Put the beef in the freezer for 30 to 45 minutes to firm it until tight but not frozen. Remove the plastic wrap and, working quickly use an electric knife to slice the beef into paperthin slices, almost shaving the beef. If this does not produce very thin results, cut the beef into the thinnest slices possible and flatten, using a meat pounder. Once all the beef has been cut, refrigerate until the remaining ingredients are ready.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a heavybottomed saute pan set over low heat. Put in the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook until nicely softened and lightly caramelized but not browned, about 20 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl and set aside. Add the pepper halves to the pan, season with salt and pepper, and fry until soft and tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the onions. Keep the onions and peppers covered and warm.nIn a clean, heavybottomed saute pan, heat the remaining oil over medium heat. Add the beef in batches and lightly brown, seasoning with salt and pepper as you cook, adding more oil if necessary.nPull out a little of the doughy insides of each loaf, then drizzle lightly with the oil, a splash of vinegar, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Put 14 of the beef inside each roll, top with onions and peppers, and finish with several slices of cheese. Cover with the top half of the bread. Wrap snugly in sandwich wrapping paper, slice diagonally in half, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound shell, sirloin, or rib steak, well trimmed and boneless, About 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 Vidalia or other sweet onion, halved and thinly sliced, Fine sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 to 6 Italian frying peppers, halved and stemmed, seeds discarded, 4 soft hero breads or hoagie rolls, halved lengthwise, Balsamic vinegar, 14 pound imported fontina or sharp, aged provolone, thinly sliced], title: Philly Cheese Steak, picturelink: null}, 28016: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometer, large stockpot and chinoisnFor the demiglace: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPour the oil into a metal roasting pan and put it in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes to heat up the pan and condition it with the oil. Spread the bones out in the roasting pan and cook until browned, turning the bones occasionally so they brown evenly, 30 to 45 minutes.nUsing tongs, transfer the bones to a stockpot large enough to accommodate the bones and more. Use tongs so that you do not pour any fat into the stockpot reserve the fat in the pan. Add the ice water to the pot and bring to a simmer. Allow the stock to cook for 4 hours at a slow simmer, skimming the surface of the stock occasionally to remove any fat or impurities.nWhile the stock is simmering, discard all but about 14 cup of the fat in the roasting pan. Heat the pan on the stovetop over high heat until hot. Add the onions and carrots and caramelize to a golden brown. Add the celery and cook for another 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until the tomato paste turns a brick red color about 15 minutes, stirring regularly. Stir 1 cup of the red wine into the onion, carrot and celery mixture the mirepoix and set aside.nAfter the stock has simmered for 4 hours, add the mirepoix mixture, thyme and bay leaf. Bring the stock back up to a simmer and continue to cook for another 2 hours.nIn a separate pot, bring the remaining 7 cups red wine to a boil and reduce by onehalf.nStrain the finished stock through a chinois and combine the strained stock with the reduced red wine. Bring the stock to a boil and then reduce the heat to a hard simmer. Reduce the stock until its about 8 cups and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 30 to 45 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and then strain the sauce though a chinois again.nFor the French fries: Cut the potatoes with the skins on into batons the length of the potato 14 inch by 14 inch by 2 inches. Put the cut potatoes directly into a large bucket filled with water. Run cold water over the cut potatoes until the water flowing over the bucket runs clear.nIn a large pot or tabletop fryer, heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towelsnCook the potatoes in batches just long enough to make them tender but not give them any color, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the blanched fries to the prepared pan and spread them out in a single layer to cool.nFor the poached eggs, steak and ham: Combine 8 cups water and the vinegar in a saucepan and heat to 180 degrees F. Poach 4 eggs at a time by cracking the eggs and gently lowering each egg into the water. Once the eggs have turned completely white, use a slotted spoon to gently release any eggs that are stuck to the bottom of the pan. Allow the eggs to cook for 3 minutes. Continue with the remaining eggs.nReheat the French fry oil to 350 degrees F to fry the potatoes a second time just before serving.nWhile the eggs are poaching, season the steaks with the salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over high heat until it just begins to smoke. Add the grapeseed oil to the skillet followed by the steaks, making sure not to overcrowd the pan cook in batches if you have to. Cook the steaks for 3 to 4 minutes on the first side, and then flip. Cook for another 3 to 4 minutes on the second side for mediumrare to medium steaks depending on the thickness. Remove the steaks and allow them to rest for 5 minutes.nWhile the steaks are resting, sear the ham pieces in the skillet on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes on each side.nCook the fries in batches in the hot oil until they are golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and toss in a bowl with salt and pepper.nTo plate: Heat about 1 12 cups of the demiglace in a pan and add the butter. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter until combined.nPlace a steak on each plate. Pour 14 cup of sauce over each steak. Place a piece of ham on top of the sauce and then top with 2 poached eggs. Top each plate with fries., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 8 pounds veal bones joints preferred, 24 cups 6 quarts ice water, 8 ounces onions, roughly chopped, 4 ounces carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 ounces celery, roughly chopped, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 8 cups red wine, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds russet potatoes, well scrubbed, 16 cups 1 gallon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 12 large eggs, Six 8ounce New York strip steaks, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Six 3ounce ham steaks 14 inch thick, fat trimmed, 2 tablespoons butter, for finishing demiglace], title: Portuguese Steak, picturelink: null}, 28017: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 7quart pressure cookernPut the hen and 3 teaspoons of the salt in a 7quart pressure cooker. Add water just to cover the hen. Do not fill above the cookers maximum fill line, or 23 full. Cover and lock the lid. Bring to pressure over high heat, approximately 20 minutes.nReduce the heat to low, so that you barely hear hissing from the pot. Cook for 45 minutes.nRelease the pressure using the cookers release device read the manual or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 5 minutes. Open carefully. Remove the hen from the broth and set aside to cool. The meat should be tender and falling away from the bone. Once the hen is cool enough to handle, pull the meat from the bones in small pieces, cover and set aside. Discard the skin and bones.nSet a cheeseclothlined colander in a shallow, wide, 6quart pot and strain the broth, discarding the solids. Taste and season the broth with additional salt, if needed.nPut 12 cup of the broth, the butter, and remaining 12 teaspoon of salt in a 2quart saucier, set over high heat, and bring to a boil. As soon as it boils, add all of the flour at once and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture starts to come together, approximately 1 minute. Decrease the heat to low and continue stirring until the mixture forms a ball and is no longer sticky, approximately 3 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl and mix, on low speed, for 5 minutes with an electric hand mixer. Beat until cool and there is no more steam rising. Continue to mix on low, and add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure each is completely incorporated before adding another. You may need to stop occasionally and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Before adding the last egg, check the mixture for consistency: It should tear slightly as it falls from the beater, creating a V shape. Transfer the dough to a 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Cut off 1 corner of the bag to make a quartersized opening.nBring the broth to a slight simmer over medium heat. Pipe 1inch of the mixture and cut with kitchen shears directly over the broth. Repeat with the remaining batter. Cook, covered, until the dumplings are cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the meat and wait for 2 to 3 minutes before serving. Serve in bowls with freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [5 to 5 12 pound stewing hen giblets removed, 3 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 7 to 9 cups water, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 34 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Dropped Dumplings, picturelink: ZVKF4UdovraHojGbz9K4ZJbWPd31VA.}, 28018: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to package directions. About 30 seconds before the pasta is done, add the broccoli florets and corn kernels. Cook for 30 seconds and then drain into a colander. Run cold water over the pasta to stop the cooking. Keep the pasta draining in the colander while you make the dressing.nWhisk together the garlic, red wine vinegar, olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of black pepper.nAdd the welldrained pasta, broccoli, and corn to the bowl, along with the ham, cheese, tomatoes, parsley and scallions, if using. Toss together. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [6 ounces wagon wheel pasta, 1 heaping cup very small broccoli florets, 12 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces reducedfat cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 ounces thicksliced ham, cut into small cubes, 1 scant cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley optional, 2 scallions, sliced optional], title: Wagon Wheel Pasta Salad, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 28019: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Pulse walnuts, parsley and parmesan in a food processor until they look like bread crumbs.nMelt the butter in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks, and squash and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour, sage, and nutmeg. Reduce heat add gradually add broth and milk. Simmer, stirring, until thickened, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and remove from heat.nCook pasta according to package instructions drain. Combine pasta with the vegetables and mozzarella. Pour into a 9 by 13inch casserole. Sprinkle with the walnut topping. Bake until the top is golden, about 25 minutes. Rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup walnut pieces, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 6 tablespoons butter, 4 cups thickly sliced leeks white and tender green parts, 6 cups large diced butternut squash, 1 12 to 2 pounds squash, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons minced fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 13.25ounce package Whole Grain Penne, 1 pound grated partskim mozzarella], title: Baked Whole Grain Penne with Fall Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 28020: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all of the dry ingredients in a bowl. Use your fingers to make sure that all of the ingredients are evenly distributed. Rub the outside of each steak generously with the rub. Wrap each steak in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 24 hours, 2 to 3 days is better. This will make the steak taste like it has been aged.nPreheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush and oil the grill to loosen and remove any crud. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator about 20 to 30 minutes before cooking. Right before cooking remove the plastic wrap and lightly oil the steaks. Place the steaks on a very hot grill to put a char on both sides of the steak. When both sides of the steak have become well charred move the steak to a cooler part of the grill to continue cooking for 6 to 7 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove the steak from the grill and let rest in a warm spot for 7 to 8 minutes. Cut the steak off the bone and slice on the bias across the grain. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pulverized crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons pimenton Smoked Spanish Paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Oil, for brushing grill, 2 22 to 24ounce bonein ribeye steaks, Extravirgin olive oil], title: DryRubbed RibEye, picturelink: aXUeIQxZnmPGqnLnuCqOFvfo9rewIHC}, 28021: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onions, celery and peppers. Season with salt and black pepper. Cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds.nAdd the beans and water to the pot. Add the cayenne, white pepper, smoked paprika, bay leaves and green onions. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the beans are tender, 1 to 1 12 hours.nDiscard the bay leaves. Use a potato masher to mash the beans in the pot until the mixture looks creamy. Season well with hot sauce. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more salt and black pepper. Ladle into warmed bowls with cooked rice and serve with additional hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 ounces andouille sausage, sliced, 2 sweet onions, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 2 poblano or green bell peppers, chopped, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, very finely chopped, 1 pound red beans, soaked overnight and drained, 2 12 quarts water, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 3 bay leaves, preferably fresh, 3 green onions, chopped green and white parts, Hot sauce, to taste, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 28022: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Whisk the soy sauce, vinegar, 2 tablespoons each sesame oil and water and the ginger in a large bowl. Remove 14 cup of the dressing to a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the fivespice powder into the large bowl and add the chicken toss to coat and set aside to marinate, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the eggplant slices on both sides with the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame oil. Grill until well marked and tender, 3 to 4 minutes per side transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Roughly chop the eggplant and add it to the bowl with the reserved sesame dressing. Add the tomatoes, scallions and herbs toss to coat.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, letting the excess drip off. Grill until well marked, 3 to 4 minutes, then flip and continue grilling until cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool 5 minutes, then slice.nServe the chicken and eggplant salad in the lettuce leaves with the eggplant salad top with the nuts., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 12 pounds chicken cutlets about 5, 2 small eggplants about 12 ounces, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 pint grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro andor mint, roughly chopped, 2 to 3 small heads Bibb or Little Gem lettuce, leaves separated, 13 cup peanuts or cashews, roughly chopped], title: Grilled Sesame Chicken Lettuce Cups, picturelink: 8DdFoAPtXUoqdXUOHyLlLWs8zv8JddW}, 28023: {instructions: For the crab cakes: Mix all ingredients together, except for the lump crabmeat. Fold in lump crabmeat. Portion crab cakes using a round cookie cutter into 4 to 6 servings. Sear crab cakes in saute pan for 2 minute on each side.nFor the sauce: Saute roasted red pepper and basil leaves in olive oil until the basil leaves become wilted. Using a food processor, combine the sauteed pepper and basil leaves with the mayonnaise and lemon. Add salt, pepper and garlic to taste while processing.nServe with crab cakes., ingredients: [6 ounces claw meat, 3 ounces bread crumbs, 3 green onions, diced, 1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning, 2 whole eggs, 1 pound lump crab meat, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 roasted red pepper, 7 fresh basil leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic, to taste], title: Glenns Diner  Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 28024: {instructions: Slice the oranges down the middle and squeeze the juice. Mash a head of garlic in a morteros a thick bowl with a mashing paddle used in Latino cooking. Add a little salt to the garlic more than a pinch, less than a teaspoon. Add the sour orange juice to the mixture. Add oregano and pepper, to taste. Brush the Mojo Sauce on the food as it is cooking., ingredients: [3 sour oranges, 1 head garlic, cloves peeled and separated, Salt, Chopped fresh oregano leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mojo Sauce, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 28025: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat. Rub each piece lightly with canola oil.nRub grates of the grill with a canola oiled paper towel. Place poblano pepper on grill and grill until blackened. Remove from grill and place in a paper or resealable plastic bag to rest. When pepper is cool enough to handle, peel off blackened skin. Remove the stem and scoop out the seeds. Chop only half of the pepper and place in a large bowl. Reserve the other half for another use or discard.nArrange fruit on grill and let cook 2 to 3 minutes, turn over, and cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from grill to a cutting board and let cool. When fruit is cool, chop into 12inch pieces and add to the bowl with chopped poblano pepper.nIn a medium bowl, combine the minced serrano pepper, cilantro, lime zest and juice, agave syrup, lemon juice, cayenne, cinnamon and salt. Mix well and pour over the grilled fruit. Gently stir to combine, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Serve on top of fish.nFish: Preheat grill or steel drum to mediumhigh. Rub the grill with a canola oiled paper towel. Salt and pepper both sides of fish. Gently place fish on grill or steel drum, cook for 3 minutes, carefully turn over and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat to a cutting board, cover and let rest for 2 minutes. Cut into serving size pieces, if desired, and serve immediately with fruit salsa., ingredients: [1 to 2 pieces watermelon 1 if large. 2 if small, sliced 1 12inches thick, leave rind intact, 2 pieces honeydew melon, sliced 1 12inches thick, leave rind intact, 1 thick lengthwise slice pineapple, peeled and cored, 2 kiwi fruit, peeled, cut in 12, 1 ripe mango, peeled, sliced into 1inch thick pieces, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 poblano pepper, 1 serrano pepper, minced, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested, 18 cup lime juice about 2, 18 cup agave syrup, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 to 2 pounds firm white fish ono, swordfish, mahi mahi, dorado], title: Fish with Grilled Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 28026: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the figs, cut side up, in a baking dish. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat, and whisk in the honey, cinnamon and salt. Drizzle the hot honey butter over the figs and roast in oven until very soft, 10 to 15 minutes.nDivide the fresh ricotta or fat free yogurt among 4 serving dishes and top with the warm figs and sauce. EnjoynCooks Note: These hot figs are really great over mixed greens or even on a toasted baguette as a crostini, ingredients: [6 to 8 Mission figs, halved, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons honey, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, Fresh ricotta or fat free Greek yogurt, for serving], title: Roasted Figs with Fresh Ricotta, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 28027: {instructions: In a large saute pan, cook bacon over mediumlow heat for 5 to 7 minutes. Add onions, garlic, ginger, and peppers and cook until soft. Add dry mustard and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the beans, BBQ sauce, molasses, brown sugar, and beans. Stir and simmer on stove for 2 hours or bake at 350 degrees F for 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [12 pound bacon, minced, 1 onion, diced, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly minced ginger or 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 16ounce cans kidney beans, undrained, 1 16ounce can pinto beans, undrained, 1 16ounce can black beans, undrained, 1 cup Eds BBQ Sauce, 14 cup molasses, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 bottle beer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 28028: {instructions: To make the sauce, combine the bread and water in a bowl and allow to sit for a few minutes. In a food processor, combine the bread mixture, tomatoes, and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and process until smooth. Add the vinegar and oil and process. Set aside until ready to use.nIn a pot, boil the green asparagus until tender. Cut the points off, set aside, and chop the rest of the tender parts.nCut the loaf of bread into thin slices and toast. While the toast is still warm, rub the surface with some of the garlic.nPlace a large ring or cookie cutter in the center of 4 plates. Place the crown tips of the asparagus around the plates. Arrange a few leaves of lettuce on the bottom of the rings and top with the chopped asparagus.nTop with the sliced tomatoes and then a piece of toast. Finally, sprinkle with the cured ham.nTo finish and serve, drizzle a little of the Salmorejo sauce around the plate and serve., ingredients: [3 slices white bread, 1 cup water, 1 pound tomatoes, peeled and seeded, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 2 bunches asparagus, 1 loaf Italian or French bread, 1 clove garlic, peeled and cut in half, 1 head lettuce, cleaned, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 2 ounces cured ham, diced], title: Crown of Green Asparagus, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 28029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the Mango Pico de Gallo: Mix together the mango, onion, jalapeno, lime juice, oil, honey, and recao or cilantro in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir to combine. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using.nMix together the horseradish and ancho chili powder in a small bowl. Season with salt, to taste.nHeat grill to high. Dip oysters in water, as this will help them steam open on the grill. Place oysters on the grill, close the cover, and grill until all have opened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Discard any that do not open. Place a tablespoon of the Mango Pico de Gallo on top of each oyster and top that with a scant teaspoon of the Red Chili Horseradish., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into very small dice, 12 red onion, peeled and cut into very small dice, 1 small jalapeno, cut into very small dice, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh recao or cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 1 12 tablespoons ancho chili powder, Salt, 20 oysters, scrubbed well], title: Grilled Oysters with Mango Pico de Gallo and Red Chili Horseradish, picturelink: fI1n6QeeosZR4CkDWJe9YAjhhnoPey}, 28030: {instructions: Choose your favorite cut of meat. In my family we use chuck because it is very inexpensive and badly NEEDS tenderizing.nTake a smalltipped paring knife and puncture the meat on both sides several times. Doing this helps get flavor into the meat, not just on the surface.nPlace the meat in a glass pan. Ive never seen it, but I have heard that acidic liquids can do damage to your metal cookware.nIn another bowl, mix one part rum We use Captain Morgans Spiced Rum, though the Coconut one is really good too. to two parts cola dont use Pepsi because it is too sweet.nPour the mixture over your meat make sure that the meat is covered by the liquid. Cover and let sit for at least two hours in the refrigerator. Make sure to turn the meat at least once.nWe usually have some grilled vegetables with this as well. Choose your favorite summer vegetables and place on a sheet of buttered aluminum foil, leave half of the foil sheet empty so it can be used to created a packet. On top of the vegetables place one tablespoon of margarine or butter, and one cube of ice. Sprinkle garlic salt, onion powder, and rotiserrie chicken seasoning over the vegetables. Fold uncovered part of foil over the vegetables to form a packet and seal.nGet your grill nice and hot and place vegetable packets on. Pull the meat from the refrigerator. Take meat out of the marinade and place on a plate. Rub a small amount of freshly ground pepper and salt into the meat.nPut meat on the grill...mix yourself a rum and coke and use a little of it to keep the flames off of the meat.nCooking time depends on your grill. The steaks can also be done in the kitchen but are so much more fun out in the yard.nEnjoy one of my families favorites and have a great summer.nHappy eating., ingredients: [chuck, or any cut of beef or meat, rum, cola, vegetables, your choice, salt, pepper, freshly ground, butter, ice cubes], title: Drunkn Steak, picturelink: null}, 28031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot, over mediumlow heat, add the vinegar and brown sugar, and whisk to combine. Cook and reduce until thick, about the consistency of maple syrup. Whisk in 2 tablespoons butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve drizzled over filet mignon and asparagus.nFor Filet and Asparagus:nSlice the bottom 1 12 inches off the asparagus. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the asparagus and blanch for 1 minute. Remove from the water and shock in an ice bath. Transfer the asparagus from the ice bath to a sheet pan lined with a paper towel.nTake the filets out of the refrigerator 20 minutes before they are to be cooked so they can come to temperature.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat canola oil in a large heavy bottomed skilled over high heat. Season each filet liberally with salt and pepper. Sear the filets in the skillet until brown and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Turn the heat to low and add the 4 tablespoons of butter, the garlic and fresh thyme. Using a spoon, baste the filets with the melted butter. Put the pan in the oven for 4 to 5 minutes for mediumrare or until the internal temperature reaches 130 to 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving.nHeat a small amount of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute until heated through, about 2 minutes. Asparagus should be slightly tender but still have a little snap when you bite into them.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo a large baking dish add the cauliflower, apple, and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat. Roast in oven until brown on top, about 25 minutes, then add the vegetable stock and roast until tender, another 20 minutes.nAdd the roasted cauliflower, apple and stock to a food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to a metal bowl and put over a pot of simmering water to keep warm.nTurn oven down to 325 degrees F.nHeat some canola oil in a large heavy bottomed skilled over high heat. Season each fillet liberally with salt and pepper. Sear the fillets, skin side down, until brown and crispy, turn over and crisp the other side, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Turn off the heat, add butter and, using a spoon, baste the fillets with the melted butter. Transfer to the oven to finish cooking, about 4 minutes.nBeurre Blanc Sauce:nSlice the green leaves off the leek and discard. Slice the stem into 14inch thick rings. Put them into a large bowl filled with cold water and let soak for 5 minutes. Remove the leaks and drain on a plate lined with paper towels.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add leeks and saute until soft, about 4 minutes. Deglaze the pan with white wine and add the vegetable stock. Reduce by half and then whisk in the cold butter. Serve over sea bass.nTo Plate:nUsing a rectangular plate lay a bed of 3 to 4 asparagus down on 1 side of the plate. Arrange a piece of filet mignon on top and drizzle with the balsamic reduction. On the other side of the plate put about a 14 cup of the cauliflower puree, top with a piece of sea bass and drizzle with the leek sauce. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make a total of 6 servings., ingredients: [1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds asparagus, 1 14 pounds filet mignon, cut into 6 equal portions, 3 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, Olive oil, 1 head cauliflower, florets and stems cut into large pieces, 1 Fuji apple, peeled, cored and sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 12 cups vegetable stock or broth, Canola oil, 1 12 pounds sea bass fillet, cut into 6 equal portions, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large leek, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups white wine, 1 cup vegetable stock or broth, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Pan Roasted Filet Mignon with Asparagus Sea Bass with Roasted Cauliflower Puree, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 28032: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all ingredients in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer on the grates of the grill or over a burner. Divide among individual mugs and serve hot., ingredients: [2 quarts apple cider, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 whole allspice berries, 2 whole cloves, 1 orange, thinly sliced], title: Mulled Cider, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 28033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine first 4 ingredients and divide meat into 4 equal amounts. When forming each patty, nestle a pile of blue cheese crumbles into the center of the meat, and gently form patty around cheese.nBrush or drizzle burgers with extravirgin olive oil and grill on indoor electric grill preheated to high for 7 to 8 minutes on each side. On an outdoor grill, cook 6 minutes on each side 6 inches from hot coals or over medium high gas flame with the grill lid closed. For preparation with no additional oil, broil 4 inches from broiler 7 minutes on each side.nServe burgers on split rolls with lettuce, tomato, and blue cheese dressing., ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground sirloin, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, A handful chopped flat leaf parsley, 1 shallot or boiling onion, minced, 12 pound crumbled blue cheese, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Steak seasoning, or, coarse salt and black pepper, 4 crusty rolls, split, Romaine lettuce leaves, Vine ripe tomato slices, Blue cheese dressing homemade or store bought], title: Big Blue Burgers, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 28034: {instructions: In an icefilled pitcher, mix together the Mint Simple Syrup, whiskey and 5 mint sprigs. Slowly pour in the prosecco and mix. Pour into glasses and garnish with mint sprigsnIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, 12 cup water and mint leaves over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [Ice, 1 cup Mint Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup single malt Scotch whiskey, such as Glenfiddich, 5 fresh mint sprigs, plus extra for garnish, 2 cups prosecco, chilled, 1 cup sugar, 1 packed cup packed fresh mint leaves], title: Prosecco and Scotch Whiskey Julep, picturelink: null}, 28035: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 ice cube trays, a mason jar shaker or a regular cocktail shaker and muddlernFill 2 ice cube trays with water. Distribute the zest among the compartments. Freeze until solid.nMuddle the strawberries in a Mason jar shaker. Slap the basil between the palms of your hands to release the oils and add to the shaker along with the lemonade, bourbon and agave nectar. Add plain ice cubes. Shake and strain in to 2 glasses filled with ice cubes with lemon zest.nGarnish with additional strawberries and basil., ingredients: [Strips of zest from 1 lemon, 4 strawberries, washed, hulled and sliced, plus more for garnish, 2 fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 6 ounces lemonade, 4 ounces bourbon, 2 ounces agave nectar], title: Strawberry Lemonade Bourbon Cocktail, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 28036: {instructions: Special equipment: meat grinder and sausage stuffernIn a large bowl, combine the pork, garlic, sage, salt and crushed red pepper. Run the meat mixture through the meat grinder outfitted with the die with the largest holes. Repeat so that all of the meat goes through the grinder twice.nPlace half of the meat mixture in the bowl of a standing mixer equipped with the paddle attachment. Add half of the water and half of the Parmesan and beat on mediumhigh for 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat this process with the remaining meat, water and cheese.nMake, cook and eat a test patty to make sure the sausage is delicious.nAttach the sausagestuffing attachment to the meat grinder, keeping the grinder blade and die in place also.nKeeping the sausage casing very wet, slide a manageable length onto the sausage stuffer. Place a generous amount of the prepared sausage mixture into the grinder pan. Give the casings a slight bit of resistance by holding onto the sausage stuffer with your three last fingers and letting the casing slip through your thumb and forefinger. Turn the machine on a mediumlow speed and fill the casings, being careful to avoid any air bubbles. To get the feel for stuffing the sausages, you might have to do a couple tries. The first couple might be too loose or too tight thats okthink of them as the first pancake the one that never comes out right that you have to throw away.nTwist the casings to create sausages that are even in size. Tie each with butchers twine to keep them nicely sealed. Prick the sausages with a pin or skewer all over to allow steam to escape while cooking you dont want to have a blowout.nPreheat a grill or saute pan. Cook the sausages until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes on each side. Serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 pounds pork shoulder, a good mix of lean and fat, cut into 1inch chunks, 12 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large bunch fresh sage or 2 small ones, finely chopped, 14 cup salt, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, 34 cup cold water, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Hog casings, rinsed with water run through them and stored in fresh water], title: Garlic Pork Sausage, picturelink: QC8Bg8vBHI3PQmNUYeoxq2P2A6vxtk6}, 28037: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heavy bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 10 minutes. Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a medium saucepan. Whisk in the flour all at once and cook until the mixture has a toasty aroma. Whisk the stock into the flour mixture in a slow, steady stream until smooth. Add the heavy cream and peanut butter to the soup and stir to combine. Stir in the hot sauce and lime juice and season, to taste. Garnish with the chopped peanuts and scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups natural peanut butter, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped peanuts, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Virginia Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 28038: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler to 425 degrees F.nWith a 2 18inch cookie cutter, cut 2 rounds out of each slice of bread. Arrange the rounds on a baking sheet and place 5 inches from the heat source. Toast the bread on one side until they are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nUsing a whisk, mix together the mayonnaise and Parmesan in a small bowl. Remove the bread from the oven and turn the rounds over to the untoasted sides. Spread each with a thin layer of mustard. Put 1 onion slice on top and cover with about 1 teaspoon of the mayonnaise mixture, spreading the mixture across the onion and bread.nBroil until golden, about 1 minute. Never take your eyes off these the time varies with different ovens. Work in batches of 24 rounds. Serve one batch hot while the next is cooking., ingredients: [1 loaf thin sandwich bread, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Yellow mustard, for spreading, 10 to 12 small white onions pearl or boiling onions, very thinly sliced], title: Parmesan Cheese Rounds, picturelink: oMrTxLj8QcM8tmt7HyDTq1tCD71cCe}, 28039: {instructions: For the crust, set a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nOn a floured surface, pound the dough gently to soften it and roll it into a rectangle about 7 inches wide and 12 to 15 inches long. Trim edges and arrange on baking pan. Cut two 1inch strips from the length of the dough, leaving a 5inch wide rectangle. Pierce the large rectangle well with a fork and wet the long ends with water, using a pastry brush. Apply the strips of dough to the moistened edges and press down well with fingertips to make the strips adhere to the base. Indent the sides of the strips with the back of a paring knife and pierce the narrow strips at 12inch intervals with the point of a paring knife. Chill the tart crust for an hour.nFor the pastry cream, bring milk to a boil with half the sugar in a small saucepan. Whisk yolks in a bowl and whisk in remaining sugar and flour. Whisk the milk into the yolk mixture, then return mixture to the pan over the heat and whisk constantly until the custard boils and thickens. Remove from heat and whisk in vanilla and butter. Scrape the filling into a nonreactive bowl and press plastic wrap against the surface. Refrigerate until cold.nTo bake the tart crust, place it in the oven and bake for about 30 minutes, until well risen and deep golden. Cool in the pan on a rack.nTo finish, spread the pastry cream in the cooled crust and scatter the berries over the pastry cream, covering it entirely. Dust with confectioners sugar immediately before serving., ingredients: [12 batch Quickest Puff Pastry, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 to 4 cups raspberries, sliced strawberries or a mixture of berries, such as raspberries, sliced strawberries, blueberries and blackberries, Confectioners sugar for finishing, One jelly roll pan or cookie sheet covered with parchment or foil], title: Berry Strip, picturelink: null}, 28040: {instructions: For the black bean sauce: Put the black beans, rice wine, soy sauce, garlic and chile in a food processor and blitz briefly be careful not to puree into a smooth sauce.nFor the stirfry: Slice the bok choy stems.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. When the oil begins to smoke, add the bok choy stems and mushrooms. Stirfry for 1 minute, then add the leaves of the bok choy. Stirfry for 1 minute more.nAdd the black bean sauce and gently stir to coat all of the ingredients.nAdd the hot stock and bring to a boil. Season with the soy sauce and stir in the cornstarch and water mixture. Cook for 1 minute or less to thicken the sauce.nServe immediately garnished with sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped, 2 baby bok choy, washed and sliced in half, leaves and stems separated, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces assorted wild mushrooms not shiitakes, sliced, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup hot chicken or vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 scallions, thinly sliced on the angle, for garnish], title: Wild Mushroom and Bok Choy in Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28041: {instructions: Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a large mixing bowl and whisk together. Gradually whisk in the milk, then the egg and vanilla, and finally the sugar and melted butter.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy pot over high heat to 350 degrees F. Pour as much batter as fits into a funnel, holding your finger at the base of the funnel to dam it. Bring the funnel over the top of the hot oil, release your finger to begin the stream of batter, and move the funnel in a circular motion to create a spiral shape. Use about 12 cup batter per funnel cake, or more or less to your liking. Fry 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown and slightly puffed, turning over when 1 side is golden.nRemove from oil and place on a plate lined with 2 layers of paper towels. Immediately top with a good scattering of powdered sugar. Repeat until no batter remains., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups milk, 1 egg, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup sugar, 12 stick butter, melted, 4 cups vegetable oil, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Philly Dutchstyle Funnel Cakes, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 28042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the pistachios, walnuts, and almonds on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Let nuts cool slightly and add to a food processor along with the lemon zest, 3 tablespoons of sugar, butter, cinnamon, salt, and vanilla and pulse to combine.nPlace mini fillo shells in wells of 2 mini cupcake pans. Add 1 teaspoon of the nut mixture into each shell. Bake until filling is hot, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat add the water, 14 cup sugar and honey and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until reduced and slightly thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour 1 teaspoon syrup into each cup and allow it to soak in, then repeat with another teaspoon. Refrigerate at least 5 hours, or overnight., ingredients: [12 cup pistachios, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup almonds, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup, plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 boxes mini filo shells, 15 shells each, 12 cup water 14 cup honey, Special equipment: 2 12cup mini cupcake pans, food processor], title: Baklava Cups, picturelink: leKb4MqAZhqtnkhYcvOhaYfgWZQNQVG}, 28043: {instructions: COMBINE peanut butter, butter, vanilla and salt in large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on LOW until blended. Add 2 cups powdered sugar, beating until blended. Beat in additional powdered sugar until mixture, when shaped into a ball, will stay on a toothpick. Shape into 1inch balls. Refrigerate.nPLACE chocolate chips and shortening in microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on MEDIUM for 30 seconds. Stir. Repeat until mixture is smooth. Reheat as needed while coating peanut butter balls.nINSERT toothpick in peanut butter ball. Dip 34 of ball into chocolate, leaving top uncovered to resemble a buckeye. Remove excess. Place on wax paperlined tray. Remove toothpick. Smooth over holes. Refrigerate until firm.nVariation:nSPICY BUCKEYES: ADD 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon and 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper with peanut butter mixture in step 1. Continue recipe as directed., ingredients: [1 12 cups Smuckersu00ae Natural Creamy Peanut Butter OR Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. salt, 3 to 4 cups powdered sugar, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tbsps. Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening], title: Buckeyes, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 28044: {instructions: To make the dough: Sift together and then mound 3 cups of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs. Using a fork, beat together the eggs and begin to incorporate the flour, starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up from the base of the mound to retain the well shape. The dough will come together when half of the flour is incorporated. Start kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands. Knead for about 15 minutes, adding any of the remaining four if necessary to create a cohesive mass. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up and discard any leftover bits. Lightly reflour the board and continue kneading for 6 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature.nFor the filling: bring 6 quarts water to a rolling boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. In a 12inch saucepan, add 1 tablespoon butter over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the garlic and rosemary, and let cook until the garlic is light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the veal and pork meat, and brown on all sides, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Do not be afraid to let the meat begin to caramelize a bit. Cook the spinach in boiling water for 1 minute. Drain well and add to the meat. Stir in the Parmigiano, 3 whole eggs, a pinch of nutmeg, and salt and pepper, to taste. Use a wooden spoon to mix until well combined. Set aside. Cut the pasta dough into 3 equally sized pieces. Rewrap 2 of the pieces in plastic wrap and set aside. Begin working with the 1 unwrapped piece of dough. On a lightly floured work surface, use a floured rolling pin to roll out the pasta dough until it is 18inch thick you can also use a pasta machine and roll out the dough on its thinnest setting. Lay the resulting pasta sheet on a lightly floured surface with a long side facing you. Trim the edges so they are straight. Using a tablespoon, scoop equally sized spoonfuls of the filling and place along the bottom half of the pasta sheet, leaving a 1 12inch border of dough at the bottom and sides: each dollop of filling should be approximately 1 12inches away from the next. Pull the top edge of the pasta up and over the filling. The dough should form 1 large pocket over the dollops of filling. Seal the agnolotti by gently carefully molding the pasta over the filling and pressing lightly with your index finger to seal the edge of the dough to the pasta sheet dont drag your finger along the dough to seal, or you risk ripping the dough. When it is sealed, there should be about 12inch of excess dough visible along the bottom of the mounds of filling where you sealed it. Be certain that you are sealing tightly while pressing out any pockets of air. Seal the left and right ends of the dough.nTo shape agnolotti: Starting at 1 end of the dough, place the thumb and forefinger of each hand together as if you were going to pinch something and, leaving about 1inch of space between your hands and holding your fingers vertically, pinch the filling in 1inch increments, making about 34inch of pinched are between each pocket of filling. It is important to leave this much pinched area between the agnolotti, or when the agnolotti are separated, they may come unsealed. Run a sharp knife or crimped pastry wheel along the bottom edge of the foldedover dough, separating the strip of filled pockets from the remainder of the pasta sheet. Dont cut too close to the filling, or you risk breaking the seal. Separate the individual agnolotti by cutting the center of each pinched area, rolling the pastry wheel away from you. Working quickly, place the agnolotti on a baking sheet dusted with a thin layer of cornmeal, which will help prevent sticking. Dont let the agnolotti touch each other, or they may stick together. Repeat with the 2 remaining dough balls until the entire bowl of filling has been used. Let the shaped agnolotti rest for 24 minutes. Bring 6 quarts water to a rolling boil, and add 2 tablespoons salt. Add the agnolotti to the water and cook until tender, about 4 minutes total. Drain well and toss with a sauce or ragu of your choice or a combination of beef broth and butter. Sprinkle with cheese and parsley and serve., ingredients: [3 cups wholewheat flour, 5 whole large eggs, plus 5 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves only, 1 pound ground veal shoulder, 1 pound ground pork, 1 12 pounds spinach, washed and spun dry and roughly chopped, 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 large eggs, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Veal Agnolotti: Agnolotti dal Plin, picturelink: null}, 28045: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl sift together the flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon of salt. Cut in the shortening with a fork or pastry blender. Add the water, gradually, until the dough comes together and forms a ball. Turn onto a floured surface and knead until smooth. Cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Cooks Note: The dough can also be made in a standing mixer.nHeat the canola oil in a large highsided skillet to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the remaining 1 teaspoon of salt, the ancho chili powder and pepper and set aside.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions. Roll each portion into a square about 14inch thick. Cut each piece into 2 by 2inch squares. Working in batches, carefully add about 6 pieces of the dough into the hot oil. Using tongs, turn the dough frequently to ensure even puffing and cooking. Fry until golden brown. They should puff up like little pillows. Remove them from the oil and drain on a sheet pan lined with paper towels. Sprinkle with the ancho chili mixture. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough. Transfer the fried dough to a serving tray, top with about a tablespoon of the salsa and serve.nCombine all of the salsa ingredients into a bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 14 cup shortening, 1 to 1 14 cups water, room temperature, 4 cups canola oil, 1 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 4ounce can roasted green chiles recommended: Hatch, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 3 ounces crumbled queso fresco, about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Pinch salt and fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: South Western Sopaipillas, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 28046: {instructions: Oil a 12 by8inch baking pan and place a sheet of wax paper or parchment paper on the bottom.nPut the water, salt, pepper and olive oil in a saucepan, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Gradually pour in the chickpea flour while whisking, once all the flour is in, whisk rapidly until the mixture is thick and most of the lumps have been worked out, like a thick pancake batter, about 1 minute. Take care to adjust the heat to so the batter doesnt boil or it will become too thick.nImmediately scoop the mixture into the prepared pan and smooth out with a small spatula. Lay another piece of wax or parchment paper on top and smooth with your hands to create a thin, even layer. Refrigerate until cool, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk all the mayonnaise ingredients together. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nWhen chickpea mixture is set and cool, trim the edges and turn onto a cutting board. Cut lengthwise down the middle, then cut each piece into fries measuring about 4by12inches, or cut into triangles or rounds with a cutter.nHeat about 2inches of oil in a deep, heavy bottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer reads 375 degree F. Line a large plate with paper towels.nWorking in batches, carefully slip the chickpea fries into the oil, and fry until crisp and golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared plate. Serve the chickpea fries warm with the chipotle mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups chickpea flour available in specialty markets and health food stores, Vegetable oil for deepfrying, 13 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped], title: Chickpea Fries with Chipotle Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 28047: {instructions: Place ice cream in refrigerator the day before the party.nAt service, stir in bourbon and serve with bread pudding or another dessert like vanilla or chocolate cake., ingredients: [3 cups vanilla ice cream, 2 ounces bourbon], title: Bourbon Ice Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28048: {instructions: Combine drink ingredients in a large punch bowl or pitcher., ingredients: [8 ounces peach nectar, 2 cups orange juice, 2 cups cranberry juice], title: Fruit Punch, picturelink: null}, 28049: {instructions: Pour vegetable oil into a medium saucepan until 1inch deep and place the pan over medium heat. Let the oil heat for about 3 minutes. As the oil heats, cut each wonton wrapper into 4 equally square pieces. Very carefully drop the squares into the hot oil 1 at a time, working in batches of 4 at a time. The wontons will bubble up and turn golden brown very quickly. Remove them with a slotted spoon to a piece of paper towel and repeat the process until all of the wontons are fried.nThe wontons may be fried 1 day in advance and stored in an airtight container.nPour the soy sauce into a large bowl and whisk in the ground ginger, cilantro and green onion. Next, cut the tuna into 1inch square strips and place them in the marinade. Set aside for 15 minutes.nPlace a large heavy bottomed skillet over high heat for 3 minutes. Spray with cooking spray and immediately place the tuna strips in the pan, searing each of the 4 sides for 30 seconds only. Remove from the pan and set aside.nTo assemble, place a small amount of the relish on a wonton crisp. Carefully slice the tuna strips into 14inch pieces. Place 1 piece of tuna atop the relish and serve.nWonton crisps can be made several days in advance and kept in an airtight container.nPlace all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to macerate., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 8 wonton wrappers, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, 1 pound ahi tuna, Papaya Daikon Relish, recipe follows, 14 cup papaya, minced, 14 cup daikon, minced, 2 tsp scallion, thinly sliced on the bias, 12 teaspoon lime juice, 12 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 dashes fish sauce, Pinch salt], title: Big Eye Tuna on Wonton Crisps with Papaya Daikon Relish, picturelink: null}, 28050: {instructions: In a medium bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, whisk together polenta and 2 cups water. Cook until water is absorbed and polenta is cooked, about 5 minutes. Set aside, stirring occasionally, until cool.nIn a separate medium bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, 3 tablespoons salt, baking soda, egg yolk, milk, and remaining 13 cup water. The mixture will be lumpy. Stir in the polenta until smooth.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil until it registers 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Pierce the sausage with chopsticks. Do not pierce all the way through. Working in batches, dip the sausage into the polenta batter until evenly coated. Place the battered sausage in hot oil still on sticks cook, turning occasionally, until the corn dogs float to the top and are evenly browned, 4 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup polenta, 2 13 cups water, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 23 teaspoon baking soda, 1 large egg yolk, 12 cup milk, 8 cups vegetable oil, 6 cooked gourmet sausages, such as bratwurst, Polish or andouille], title: Polenta Corn Dog, picturelink: null}, 28051: {instructions: Fill 8 flatbottomed ice cream cones threequarters full with tropical yogurt. Stick spears of pineapple, cantaloupe, papaya and mango into the yogurt to look like flames. Add a few strawberry slices to each. Serve immediately or refrigerate up to 1 12 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Fruit Torches, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 28052: {instructions: In a dry cast iron skillet, toast the unpeeled garlic, serranos, and pumpkin seeds until browned. Peel the garlic and place in a blender with the serranos, pumpkin seeds, poblanos, parsley, cilantro, oil, and lime juice. Blend until smooth. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 or 2 serrano chiles, seeded, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, 2 poblano chiles, roasted and peeled, 34 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Juice of 12 lime, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Salsa Verde Green Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28053: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deep 8 x 5inch heavybottomed saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the chicken stock, frozen peas, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender until coarsely pureed. I like it to have some texture. Alternatively, use a blender to puree the soup 1 cup at a time. Pour the soup back into the pot and season to taste. Depending on the saltiness of the stock, I may add up to another teaspoon of salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to give the soup a very bright flavor.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place the ham in a single layer on a sheet pan and roast for 5 to 8 minutes, until crisp.nReheat the soup and serve in shallow bowls with a slice of crispy ham on top. Drizzle with a little olive oil and serve hot., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 12 cup chopped shallots 2 large shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 pounds frozen peas, such as Birds Eye Sweet Garden, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 thin slices Spanish Serrano ham or Italian prosciutto], title: Spanish Pea Soup with Crispy Ham, picturelink: NaKebW7DoZHq8LzHjoZkxRMrLIyiypG}, 28054: {instructions: Place wine, butter, garlic, and 1 tablespoon basil in a stockpot and brings to a simmer. Add mussels and steam, covered, over high heat, for 8 to 12 minutes. Check to see when shells begin to open, be careful not to overcook. When mussels open, remove them from the heat, and drain, reserving liquid. Set mussels aside to cool, discarding any unopened mussels. When cool, remove meat from shells, chop coarsely, and refrigerate until needed.nIn a stockpot, over mediumhigh heat, saute bacon until fat is rendered and bacon begins to brown. Add onions, celery and cook until onions turn translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add potatoes and thyme and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add stock or clam juice, reserved mussel liquid, remaining 1 tablespoon basil, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes, or until potatoes are soft and begin to thicken chowder. Add milk, chopped mussels and bring back to simmer. Reheat for 2 to 3 minutes. Check for seasoning. Serve with garlic bread., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon dried basil, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 to 3 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 14 pound bacon, chopped, 2 cups chopped onions, 2 cups chopped celery, 4 cups 12inch dice potatoes, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 cups clam juice or fish stock, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 to 2 cups milk depends on how thick you want chowder], title: Tobys Mussel Chowder, picturelink: null}, 28055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the flour, baking powder and salt into a food processor and pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the dry ingredients and the butter are mostly combined. Alternatively, cut the butter into the dry ingredients with a pastry cutter. Drizzle in the milk and pulse or stir just until the dough comes together. Do not over mix.nUsing a regular table spoon, or large spoon, drop spoonfuls of the mixture onto baking trays and bake until nice golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. If desired, brush with melted butter after you remove them from the oven., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 sticks cold butter, cut into pieces, 3 12 cups whole milk, Melted butter, for brushing, optional], title: Drop Biscuits, picturelink: ECVaMD69JvD89hw83hFtSBCAgmmK}, 28056: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk the yolks with the vanilla extract. Whisk in half the sugar and continue to beat until very light and frothy, about 5 minutes. Combine the flour and cornstarch and sift once to aerate.nIn a clean, dry bowl beat the egg whites with the salt until they hold a very soft peak. Beating faster, add the remaining sugar in a very slow stream, beating until the egg whites hold a firm peak. Fold the yolks into the whites. Sift the flour and cornstarch over the eggs in 3 additions, folding them in gradually. Do not overmix the batter.nPour the batter into a buttered and paperlined 9 or 10inch round pan, 2inches deep and smooth the top. Bake the Pan di Spagna at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes, until it is well risen and feels firm when pressed gently with the palm of the hand.nImmediately loosen the layer from the side of the pan with a small knife or spatula. Invert the layer and leave the paper stuck to it. Turn the layer right side up and cool it on a rack. The cake can be stored doublewrapped in plastic in the refrigerator for up to 5 days, or in the freezer., ingredients: [4 large eggs, separated, 34 cup sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 12 cup unbleached, allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch], title: Pan di Spagna, picturelink: null}, 28057: {instructions: Fill a large pitcher half way with some ice. Add the lemon and lime slices, white wine, rum and lemon lime soda. Stir and then pour into a glass and garnish with strawberries and fresh cherries., ingredients: [1 bottle Pinot Grigio, or other dry fruity white wine, 14 cup white rum, 24 ounces lemon lime soda, 1 lime, thinly sliced into disks about 14 of an inch thick, 1 lemon, thinly sliced into disks about 14 of an inch thick, 1 pint fresh cherries Bing are best, 1 pint fresh strawberries if small left whole if large cut into quarters], title: White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 28058: {}, 28059: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the pastry flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda and salt and set aside. Using an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar and mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla. Alternately add the flour mixture and the buttermilk, starting and ending with the flour mixture and beating well after each addition. Scrape down the sides, and then fold in the Cheddar, dried cherries and green onions.nSpoon the batter into the liners and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, at least 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting.nFor the candied ham: In a skillet set over medium heat, add the apple juice, brown sugar and maple syrup and cook until the mixture gets really thick. Add the diced ham and stir until coated.nFor the frosting: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, confectioners sugar, honey and hot sauce in a bowl until smooth. Fold in the chives.nFor the honey simple syrup: In a bowl, combine the honey and 12 cup hot water and stir.nTo assemble: With a pastry brush, brush each cupcake with the honey simple syrup. Add some frosting to the top of each cupcake, and garnish with the candied ham., ingredients: [1 pound pastry flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 21 ounces granulated sugar, 6 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup chopped green onions, 12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 cups diced Black Forest ham, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 12 cup chopped chives, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Sharp Cheddar Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 28060: {instructions: Cut the top third off each head of garlic so the cloves are exposed and wrap in foil. Roast the garlic until the cloves are very soft and golden, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly and then pop the cloves from the skins and finely chop.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to paper towels to drain.nMix together the sour cream and cream cheese in a large bowl until smooth. Add the pancetta, chopped garlic, dill, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and stir to combine. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [2 heads garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, finely chopped, One 16ounce container sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crackers, for serving, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.], title: Roasted Garlic Dip, picturelink: Wh5i9nYXUjw1HojvV31soku6NYjo2Jm}, 28061: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Blend for 30 seconds or until desired consistency is reached. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce 30 ml whiskey, 1 ounce 30 ml Irish Cream Liqueur, 14 cup 60 ml milk, 14 cup 50 g sugar or other sweetener, to taste, 34 cup 180 ml coffee, cold, 1 12 cups 360 ml ice cubes], title: Frozen Irish Coffee, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 28062: {instructions: Place a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion, garlic and ginger and saute until the onion is softened, about 4 minutes. Add the cumin seeds, coriander, fenugreek seeds, and paprika and toast for 10 seconds and then add the chicken pieces and cook until it is nearly done, about 8 minutes. Add the yogurt and finish cooking the chicken, about 2 more minutes and then stir in the papaya chunks. Serve the chicken with rice or rotis., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons grated fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 pound chicken breast, boneless and skinless, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup yogurt, 1 cup papaya chunks, Serving suggestion: Serve with rice or rotis.], title: Papaya Chicken, picturelink: null}, 28063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash tripe thoroughly. Remove the excess fat from the tripe and cut it into bitesized pieces. Rinse the hominy well in a colander under running water. Wash the pigs feet well also.nCombine all ingredients, except for garnishes, in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to low and simmer slowly until hominy opens and is cooked. Do not overcook. Skim the excess fat from the surface. It is best if you can refrigerate the Menudo in order to remove all of the grease.nLadle into bowls, and garnish with additional fresh cilantro, chopped green onions, minced pequin chiles, and lemon wedges. Serve with toasted bolillos a Mexican bread made with corn flour., ingredients: [3 pounds beef tripe, 3 pounds hominy, frozen not canned, 3 pounds pigs feet, quartered, 1 large onion, diced, 1 bunch green onions, cut into 14inch pieces, plus more chopped small for garnish, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 head of garlic, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 to 2 pequin chiles, minced, for garnish, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 24 bolillos, toasted], title: Menudo, picturelink: DDziTDkYimO2AiTKZYXahr1fhzHyIy6}, 28064: {instructions: Brining: Slice the cabbage lengthwise into quarters. Cut out and discard the core. Cut each quarter crosswise into 2inch pieces.nCombine the water and salt in a large bowl and stir to dissolve. Add the cabbage and toss well to coat with brine. Leave for 4 hours, tossing every hour.nDrain the cabbage well, then spread the cabbage out on a baking sheet and gently pat dry with paper towels.nPasting optional: While the cabbage is brining, make the sweet rice flour paste. In a small saucepan, combine the rice flour with a cup of cold water and whisk vigorously to fully dissolve the flour. Gently heat to a simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the saucepan, as the rice flour has a tendency to settle there. Simmer until the mixture thickens and becomes glossy and gelatinous, 2 to 3 minutes.nSaucing: Pulse the garlic and ginger in a blender. Add the apple, onion, fish sauce, salted shrimp and sugar and puree until everything is well broken downno need to overdo it.nEmpty the contents of the blender into a large bowl. If youre using the rice paste, add it now and stir well, to fully incorporate. Add the gochugaru to the bowl and mix well.nThis is the point at which things get messy. Suit up with a pair of clean latex gloves. Dish gloveswellwashed, of coursewill do perfectly well. Add the scallion and carrot to the bowl and, with your gloved hands, work it all together to coat the vegetables with sauce. Do the same with the cabbage, gently massaging sauce into cabbage.nFirmly pack the cabbage mixture into clean, quartsize mason jars, pressing as you go to remove any air pockets. Leave 1 inch of headroom in the jars to allow for expansion during fermentation. Press a small sheet of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the cabbage and seal the jars tightly.nFermenting: Refrigerate the jars, set on a plate to catch leaks. In a week, the kimchi will be fresh, very lightly fermented and pretty darn tasty. In two weeks, as the fermentation really kicks into gear, the kimchi will ascend to a whole other plane of awesome. Kimchi keeps for months, getting increasingly pungent over time. Dig in and enjoy it every step of the way., ingredients: [3 pounds napa cabbage about 1 large head, 4 cups water, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons sweet rice flour, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, One 2inch piece of ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 1 apple, peeled and cored and roughly chopped, 12 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 14 cup fish sauce, 3 tablespoons jarred salted shrimp saewoo juht, 1 tablespoon sugar 2 tablespoons if omitting rice flour paste, 1 cup gochugaru Korean chile flakes, medium or coarse grind, 6 scallions, whites sliced, greens cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 carrot, peeled, cut into thin 2inch sticks], title: Mak Kimchi, picturelink: null}, 28065: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt and spices. In a large saucepan, heat 12 cup of the honey and sugars over low heat, stirring, just until sugars are dissolved. Remove pan from heat and let mixture cool slightly. In a large bowl, beat together eggs and extract. Beat in honey mixture and stir in ground almonds.nStir in flour mixture to form a soft dough. Wrap dough in plastic and let stand at room temperature for 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Divide dough into quarters and roll each flat to about 14 inch thick. Use starshaped cookie cutters to cut cookies and transfer to baking sheets, rerolling scraps as needed.nPlace cookies in oven and immediately turn down to 325 degrees F. Bake for 1520 minutes, or until firm. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat remaining 14 cup of honey, corn syrup and lemon juice until it reaches a boil, about 3 minutes. When cookies are ready, remove them from the oven and brush warm cookies with the warm glaze. Transfer sheets of cookies to racks to cool., ingredients: [2 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 34 cup honey, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups almonds, ground fine in food processor, 14 cup light corn syrup, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Honey Almond Stars, picturelink: null}, 28066: {}, 28067: {instructions: Cut each banana into 6 chunks, and freeze until rock solid, preferably overnight.nWith the acai inside the packet, crush the puree into smaller pieces. Process the pieces in a food processor to a fine slush. Add the frozen banana chunks, coconut oil and maple syrup, and begin to process the food processor may jolt in the very beginning. As the bananas break down and combine with the acai, the mixture will look crumbly, then gooey and eventually smooth and slightly slushy, like a sorbet. Stop the food processor frequently to scrape down the side of the bowl and break up any clumps. Serve right away, or scrape into a container and freeze until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 ripe medium bananas, peeled, Two 3.5ounce packets frozen unsweetened acai puree, 1 tablespoon virgin or extravirgin coconut oil, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup], title: AcaiBanana Sorbet, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 28068: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9 inch round cake pan and set aside.nPlace the flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl and mix to combine. In a small bowl, combine the yogurt and milk, and whisk in the eggs, egg white and oil and set aside.nToss the apples with the cinnamon. Add to the dry ingredients and toss to coat the fruit. Add the yogurt mixture and, using a rubber spatula, mix until just combined. The mixture will be lumpy, but should not be overmixed. Pour the mixture into the prepared cake pan, spreading it out to the edges.nBake until the cake is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool in the pan on the rack. When cool, invert the cake onto a cutting board and slice into 8 wedges. Split each wedge in half and toast under a broiler, cut side up. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup stoneground cornmeal, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, 12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large apples, peeled, cored and diced, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Cornmeal Apple Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 28069: {instructions: Place the lemon half, sugar and matcha into a blender along with 1 cup water and 1 cup ice cubes. Blend until completely smooth and the ice has almost melted with only a little slush remaining, about 2 minutes. Strain the mixture into a liquid measuring cup to catch any seeds or pith.nPour into 2 collins glasses, add ice and serve with straws and slices of lemon., ingredients: [12 large lemon, peel and pith removed, plus 2 lemon slices, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon matcha green tea powder], title: Matcha Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 28070: {instructions: Make the bean mixture: In a large heavy kettle combine the broth and the water and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the beans, the salt pork, and the sausage and bring the liquid to a boil, skimming the froth. Stir in the onions, the garlic, the thyme, the bouquet garni, and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 1 12 to 1 34 hours, or until the beans are tender. Discard the salt pork, the onions, and the bouquet garni, strain the mixture through a colander set over a large bowl, and in separate bowls reserve the bean mixture and the broth. The bean mixture and the broth may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIn a large skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp and transfer it with tongs to paper towels to drain. In the fat remaining in the skillet brown the pork and the lamb over moderately high heat, turning the pieces once, for 8 minutes and transfer the meat with a slotted spoon to a large casserole. In the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion, the celery, and the garlic with salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened. Stir in the wine and boil the mixture until the liquid is reduced by half. Stir in the tomatoes with the reserved juice and the bacon and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the casserole and braise it, covered, in a preheated 325 degree oven for 1 hour.nArrange the duck pieces, skin sides down, on a rack in a roasting pan and broil them under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 10 minutes. Turn the duck pieces and broil them for 10 minutes more, or until the juices run clear and the meat is cooked through. Transfer the duck with tongs to a cutting board and reserve 14 cup of duck fat.nIn a 6quart casserole layer 13 of the reserved bean mixture, 12 the braised meat mixture, 4 pieces of duck, 12 remaining bean mixture, the remaining braised meat mixture, the remaining duck pieces, and the remaining bean mixture. Pour 6 cups of the reserved broth, skimmed of any fat, slowly over the mixture, sprinkle the top with 2 cups of the bread crumbs, and drizzle it with 2 tablespoons of the reserved duck fat. Bake the cassoulet, uncovered, in the middle of a 325 degree preheated oven for 30 minutes. Press the crumb layer lightly into the cassoulet, top it with the remaining 1 cup crumbs, and drizzle the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons duck fat. Bake the cassoulet for 1 34 hours more, until the crust is golden brown., ingredients: [2 quarts chicken broth, 2 quarts water, 2 pounds 4 cups dried white beans, picked over, soaked in water to cover by 2 inches overnight, and drained, 1 12pound piece salt pork, simmered in water to cover for 15 minutes and drained, 1 pound smoked pork sausage, such as kielbasa, in 1inch pieces, 3 onions, halved lengthwise, 3 garlic cloves, crushed lightly and left whole, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme, 1 bouquet garni composed of 4 parsley sprigs, 3 celery tops, the white and pale green part of 1 leek, and 2 bay leaves, tied in a cheesecloth bag, 5 slices lean bacon, chopped fine, 1 pound boneless pork loin, in 1inch pieces, 1 pound boneless lamb shoulder, in 1inch pieces, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, drained, reserve 12 cup juice and chopped, 1 4pound duck, cut into 8 pieces, About 3 cups fine dry bread crumbs], title: Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 28071: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the crab, salmon, shallots, garlic, chives and carrots. Once they are combined, slowly add the eggs and cream. Puree for 20 to 30 seconds, then remove from the processor and refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Roll the sole fillet starting at the tail end to create a roulade and either pipe the mouselline with a pastry bag, or stuff it with a spoon. Season the sole with salt and freshly ground black pepper and place it in a baking dish or a saute pan. Pour white wine in the dish and place it in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until the internal temperature is about 120 degrees. Remove from the oven and serve with Dill Beurre Blanc.nIn a small saucepan, combine all ingredients except, dill fronds, 12 cup of wine, cream and butter. Bring them to a simmer and reduce by a 13. Slowly add the cream and reduce by 12. Strain the liquid through a fine strainer and into a small sauce pot. With a whisk, slowly add the cubed butter into the sauce over a low heat to incorporate the butter into the sauce. if the sauce begins to thicken too much, add a small amount of wine to rehydrate. Whisk all the butter into the sauce and adjust for seasoning. Add the reserved dill fronds., ingredients: [3 ounces crabmeat, 3 ounces smoked salmon, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped carrots, 1 egg, 1 egg white, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 8ounce sole or flounder fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons white wine, Dill Beurre Blanc, recipe follows, 2 12 cups white wine, 4 peppercorns, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 clove garlic, chopped, 1 sprig thyme, 1 dill stem, reserve dill fronds for sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons heavy cream, 4 ounces cubed butter, chilled], title: Sole Paupiette with Crab and Smoked Salmon Mousseline, picturelink: null}, 28072: {instructions: Dissolve the yeast in a small bowl with the cold water. Place the flour, eggs, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until the ingredients are dispersed, about 5 seconds. Add the dissolved yeast and beat for about 2 minutes on mediumhigh speed, until the dough is well combined and holds together. Add the cubed butter and mix for another 5 to 7 minutes, until the dough no longer sticks to the side of the mixing bowl. If the dough is overly sticky, you may need to add about 1 tablespoon of flour. It is usually necessary to scrape down the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula to encourage the dough to form a ball and come away from the side. Remove the paddle and pat the dough into a ball at the bottom of the bowl. Cover the mixing bowl with plastic wrap and let the dough rest at room temperature for about 20 minutes. The dough will rise slightly.nRemove the dough from the mixing bowl and punch it down to remove the air. Spread it onto a lightly floured baking sheet with your fingers and flatten the dough until it is about 34inch thick. Cover with plastic wrap and let it rest in the refrigerator for a minimum of 2 hours or overnight. It will slightly proof.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface. Flatten it slightly with your hands. Cut the dough into circles with a 1 12inch diameter cutter, keeping the cuts as close together as possible. Pat any leftover dough into a rectangle and cut more circles out of it. At this stage, the Bombolini can be frozen for up to 1 week if well wrapped in plastic wrap. Allow the Bombolini to defrost in the refrigerator before proofing.nPlace the Bomboloni on a parchment covered baking sheet lightly sprayed with vegetable cooking spray. Space them 2 inches apart. Loosely cover the baking sheet with plastic wrap. Allow the Bomboloni to proof at room temperature for about 2 hours, until they have doubled in size and appear light and full of air.nHeat the oil about 15 minutes in an electric fryer or in a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat to 320 degrees F. If using a saucepan, check the temperature with a candy thermometer. Fry 5 to 7 Bomboloni at one time, any more than that and the oil temperature will dip down too much and they will not fry evenly. Fry for a total of 3 to 5 minutes, until they are golden brown. Turn to evenly fry each side. As they fry, they will increase in size. Remove the Bomboloni with a large slotted spoon and set on a paper towel to drain the excess oil.nWhile the Bomboloni are still warm, roll them in a bowl filled with granulated sugar until evenly coated. If desired, fill the Bomboloni with a jamfilled pastry bag fitted with a 14inch plain tip. Use a sharp paring knife to make a small hole on the bottom of each Bomboloni. Place the tip of the pastry bag in the hole and squeeze until the Bomboloni feels heavy. It is best to fill the Bomboloni while they are still warm and the dough soft and pliable. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Scant 14 cup loosely packed fresh compressed yeast, Scant 14 cup cold water, 3 12 cups bread flour, 4 large eggs, 13 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for coating, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, Vegetable or canola oil, Raspberry jam], title: Bomboloni, picturelink: null}, 28073: {instructions: I used a styrofoam cone and a round styrofoam base to make my lollipop stand. You can use any size or shape that you like. Use a pastry brush dipped in the melted chocolate and paint the cone and base. Use more chocolate to adhere the cone to the base.nInsert the lollipops into the stand. If you also made cotton candy and marshmallows, you can artfully display them on the cone., ingredients: [32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Lollipop Stand, picturelink: null}, 28074: {instructions: Cook the maple bread in two batches: Heat a large, heavy skillet over medium heat and, when hot, add 14 cup of the maple syrup, 1 12 tablespoons of the butter and a pinch of salt. Add 4 slices of the bread and immediately flip to coat in the buttery maple syrup. Cook, flipping often with a butter knife, until the bread is lacquered with the syrup and takes on a toasted look and the bottom of the pan is coated with just a dry film, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the maple bread to a lightly oiled plate to cool. Repeat the process with the remaining pieces of bread.nSmear a chunk of soft cheese into the bread and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup maple syrup, 3 tablespoons butter, Salt, 8 thin slices sourdough bread, Oil, for oiling plate, 1 small disk washedrind cheese, such as Camembert], title: Maple Bread with Soft Cheese, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 28075: {instructions: Thread a small chunk each of Black Forest ham, weisswurst or bratwurst, and slab bacon onto 12 small skewers. Bake on a foillined baking sheet at 450 degrees F until just starting to brown, about 10 minutes. Mix 3 tablespoons maple syrup with a pinch of cayenne brush on both sides of the skewers and sprinkle generously with coarsely ground black pepper. Continue baking until the bacon is crisp, 7 to 9 more minutes. Brush with the remaining syrup mixture and sprinkle with more black pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: MaplePepper Meat Skewers, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 28076: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, until golden and crisp, 6 to 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on a paper towellined plate. Add the shallots to the pan and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the broth and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the snap peas and simmer until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the pasta, cooked pancetta, edamame peas, petite peas, Parmesan, the remaining 14 cup olive oil, salt, and mint leaves. Toss until coated, adding the reserved pasta water, 1 tablespoon at a time, to loosen the sauce. Transfer to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 pound wagon wheelshaped pasta rotelle, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 14 cup, 8 ounces pancetta, finely diced, 1 large or 2 small shallots, chopped, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups 5 ounces sugar snap peas, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 cups 9 ounces shelled edamame peas, 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Wagon Wheel Pasta with Pancetta and Peas, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 28077: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in an ice filled glass.nStir to combine.nGarnish with a lime wedge.nCAPTAIN MORGAN Original Spiced Rum.nCaribbean Rum With Spices And Other Natural Flavors. 35 AlcVol.nu00a92012 Captain Morgan Rum Co., Norwalk, CT., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Captain Morganu00ae Original Spiced Rum, 5 oz .cola], title: Captain Morganandreg Rum and Cola, picturelink: D9wQnXpTTADBkJIv27LiwpqmaCQUa.}, 28078: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir ingredients and microwave for another 3 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup small diced eggplant, 1 cup small diced roasted red bell pepper, 1 cup small diced zucchini, 1 cup small diced yellow squash, 1 cup small diced Roma tomatoes, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Rapid Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 28079: {instructions: Melt 5 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Place 15 mini phyllo shells on a baking sheet and brush with 1 tablespoon of the melted butter. Bake at 350 degrees F until just golden, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, add 14 cup chopped pistachios, 14 cup each honey and sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon allspice and a pinch of salt to the butter in the skillet cook, stirring until thick, 5 minutes. Divide among the shells and sprinkle with grated chocolate. Let cool.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Pistachio Baklava Tartlets, picturelink: vh9EMyTn8rSx0Uh2MdX8n9evdFcZMNm}, 28080: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except swordfish, in a bowl and mix together well. Set aside.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh, using mesquite wood. Place swordfish on grill and quickly sear. Dredge swordfish in the white wine mixture and then return to the grill. Cook until desired doneness fish should be opaque and a knife should slide in easily.nRemove fish from the heat and serve with fresh vegetables and a starch of choice., ingredients: [12 cup white wine, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup peanut butter, 2 tablespoons chopped soy beans, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon red peppercorns, crushed, 1 tablespoon green peppercorns, crushed, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, crushed, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, 4 swordfish steaks], title: Swordfish, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 28081: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook another 2 minutes. Allow the mixture to cool slightly.nIn a blender, combine the feta, vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, olives, oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, some pepper and the onion mixture. Blend until smooth.nPour enough dressing over the salad to coat the leaves and toss to combine. Save the remaining dressing for another use., ingredients: [34 cup olive oil, 1 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 13 cup crumbled goodquality feta, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons country Dijon mustard, 4 to 5 pitted kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups torn romaine lettuce], title: Green Salad With Creamy Feta Dressing, picturelink: QdV.TvN5T4404t5XawY1js3QD6MLGq}, 28082: {instructions: In a blender or grinder, grind peanuts to a fine consistency. Heat olive oil in a large, heavy saucepan and gently saute the onion, garlic, celery, and leeks until translucent. Add cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, pepper, ground peanuts, and stock. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Add milk and cream, cover, and simmer gently for an additional 30 minutes. Serve garnished with chopped parsley and peanuts.nMake a brine by combining salt and water in a large bucket. Soak chicken in salt water for 2 hours. Remove chicken and rinse thoroughly. Bring the beef to a boil reduce the heat and let simmer for 30 minutes skimming off the foam from the surface with a wooden spoon.nAdd the chicken and bring back to a boil still removing foam from surface. Add vegetables and seasoning, and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours or until meat is cooked through. Remove meat and strain the broth through a cheesecloth, twice., ingredients: [1 pound roasted unsalted peanuts, shelled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 sticks celery, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped leeks, white part only, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 6 12 cups beef and chicken stock, recipe follows, 12 cup milk, 12 cup cream, Chopped parsley, for garnish, Chopped peanuts, for garnish, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 gallon water, 5 chicken drumsticks, 1 pound piece beef loin, tenderloin not filet, 3 celery stalks, 1 leek, trimmed, 1 onion, trimmed, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tomato, 1 carrot, Salt and pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 cardamom pods], title: Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 28083: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or wide skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon set aside.nWipe the Dutch oven clean add the butter and melt over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chard and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, until combined, 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd the milk to the chard mixture and bring to a boil cook 1 minute. Stir in the sausage, parmesan, lemon zest and a few grinds of pepper. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 6 minutes. Add the pasta to the pot and toss, adding enough of the reserved pasta water to loosen.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces rigatoni, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, crumbled, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves chopped, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups milk not skim, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, Grated zest of 2 lemons, Freshly ground pepper], title: Rigatoni with Swiss Chard and Sausage, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 28084: {instructions: In a large saucepan, cook the leek in the butter over moderate heat for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the broth, peas and seasonings and simmer, covered, for 25 minutes, or until the peas are very tender. In a food processor, blend the mixture in batches until combined well. Let it cool. Chill the soup, covered, for at least 2 hours. Before serving stir in cream and fresh mint. Garnish with mint sprigs. Correct the seasoning., ingredients: [1 cup leek, minced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups hot vegetable stock, 3 cups fresh peas about 3 pounds unshelled, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt to taste, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup fresh mint, minced, or to taste, Mint sprigs for garnish], title: Chilled Pea Soup with Fresh Mint, picturelink: null}, 28085: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the Parmesan, olive oil, chile paste, lemon zest, oregano and salt. Add the shrimp and toss gently to coat.nSpread the shrimp evenly on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until the shrimp are pink and opaque throughout, 8 to 10 minutes. Squeeze the lemon half over the shrimp while still hot. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons Calabrian chile paste, 1 teaspoon lemon zest 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails on, 12 small lemon], title: Spicy Calabrian Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 28086: {instructions: Fill 4 tall glasses with ice cubes. To each glass add a shot of whiskey, a spritz of soda and top with sweet iced tea. Stir to combine and garnish with a lemon slice., ingredients: [Ice, Whiskey, 1 can soda, Sweet iced tea, Lemon slices, for garnish], title: Memphis Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 28087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the lemon juice, zest, mustard, rosemary and crushed red pepper in a small bowl. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of olive oil to the mustard mixture to loosen it. Paint this mixture generously all over the chicken and let sit for up to 2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the refrigerator. If you have any of the mustard mixture left over, save it for repainting while the chicken is cooking.nPreheat the grill to medium you want the chicken to cook on the grill as long as possible without burning to develop lovely crispy, tasty skin. Brush off any crud on the grill with a wire grill brush and run an oiled towel over the grill to pick up any bits of loosened crud. Season the chicken lightly with salt and arrange gently on the grill, skin side down, and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. If the chicken flares up, move it to a cooler part of the grill you dont want sooty film on the chicken it wont taste good.nOnce the chicken has started to brown and crisp, its a good idea to close the grill to allow the heat to cook the chicken from all directions. You want to cook the chicken skin side down for a total of 10 to 12 minutes, then turn it over and cook it for another 10 to 12 minutes. If youre using a grill pan, you can transfer the chicken to a 375 degree F oven when its ready to flip so it can finish cooking. If there is leftover mustard mixture, use it to paint the skin of the chicken on the second side. The chicken is done when an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F.nWhen the chicken is nearly done, place the lemon halves on the grill cut side down and leave them alone until brown and caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. These will smell great while theyre grillingnRemove the chicken from the heat and serve with the grilled lemon for extra lemony goodness., ingredients: [4 Meyer lemons, 2 zested and juiced and 2 halved, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 3pound chickens, backbone removed and split in 12, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Chicken with Dijon and Meyer Lemon, picturelink: x5tpJ97hoqP1BBlWxy6AqBsOA188Zwa}, 28088: {instructions: Combine the cabbage, fennel, carrots, apples and onion in a large bowl. Douse with the vinegar, season with salt and let sit at least 1 hour. This will soften the cabbage and make it seem almost cooked, but it will still have a great texture.nDrain the cabbage of excess liquid but still keep it fairly juicy. Stir in the mayonnaise and horseradish. Taste for seasoning and add salt. The result should be a creamy and tart slaw., ingredients: [1 small head red cabbage, tough bottom ribs removed, shredded about 6 cups, 2 bulbs fennel, cored and julienned, 3 carrots, grated, 2 Granny Smith apples, julienned, 1 red onion, very thinly sliced, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 12 to 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 to 3 tablespoons horseradish], title: Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 28089: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace beans in a saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Add 1 clove crushed garlic, red onion, and 1 tablespoon salt and simmer until tender. Drain excess water and let beans cool.nIn a large bowl, combine cooked beans, lemon juice, hot sauce, remaining garlic, onion, remaining salt, pepper, feta, leeks, bell peppers, and bread crumbs. Form mixture into approximately 20 4ounce patties.nHeat oil in a large skillet over high heat. In batches, saute patties until browned on both sides. Transfer to the oven and finish cooking for 10 minutes. Top bean cakes with sauteed vegetables and serve., ingredients: [2 cups dried white lima beans, 1 clove garlic, crushed, plus 3 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, divided, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 8 dashes hot sauce, 2 teaspoons minced onion, 1 tablespoon pepper, 12 pound feta cheese, 2 leeks, white part only, sliced, 2 red bell peppers, sliced, 2 green or yellow bell peppers, sliced, 1 cup bread crumbs, Olive oil, for sauteing, Sauteed vegetables, for serving], title: Butterbean Cakes, picturelink: null}, 28090: {instructions: In a large heavy kettle cook the onions and the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the onions are softened, add the beef, and cook the mixture, stirring and breaking up the lumps, until the beef is no longer pink. Add the chili powder, the paprika, the cumin, the coriander, the allspice, the oregano, the cayenne, the cinnamon, the cloves, and the mace and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the bay leaf, the water, the tomato sauce, the vinegar, and the molasses and simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally and adding more water, if necessary, to keep the beef barely covered, for 2 hours, or until it is thickened but soupy enough to be ladled. Discard the bay leaf and season the chili with salt and pepper. The chili may be frozen or made 4 days in advance, cooled, uncovered, and kept covered and chilled. Serve the chili as is or in the traditional Cincinnati fiveway style: Ladle the chili over the spaghetti and top it with the beans, the onion, the Cheddar, and the oyster crackers., ingredients: [3 onions, chopped, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 pounds ground beef chuck, 13 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups water, 1 16ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons molasses, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Spaghetti, kidney beans, chopped onion, grated Cheddar, and oyster crackers as traditional accompaniments, if desired], title: Cincinnatistyle Chili, picturelink: 12NcNQ2I1JKhVIkMeOrJ07ol19hY8CW}, 28091: {instructions: Cook sausages in a medium size skillet over mediumhigh heat until browned and cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes.nIn a separate saute pan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and peppers stirfry mix and salt and pepper. Cook until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl whisk together mustard, brown sugar, vinegar, and hot sauce.nFor assembly, generously spread mustard on each side of the hot dog buns. Place a sausage in each bun and top with onion and pepper mixture., ingredients: [4 pork sausages, 2 tablespoon canola oil, 1 16ounce bag frozen pepper stirfry mix, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 4 hot dog buns], title: Sausage and Pepper Grinder with Sweet and Sour Mustard, picturelink: null}, 28092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the pork: In a small bowl, combine the garlic, rosemary, sage and crushed red pepper with 12 cup olive oil. Sprinkle the pork generously with salt and brush both sides with the olive oil herb paste.nStand the pork rack up and curl it around so that the two ends meet be sure that the thick meaty part of the pork is on the inside. Secure the roast by tying it twice around the outside of the roast with twine.nPlace the pork in a large roasting pan fitted with a pizza pan tray and stuff the center of the pork with the Pear and Chestnut Stuffing. There will be leftover stuffing. Place the leftover stuffing in a baking dish and cook for 35 minutes at 350 degrees F.nFor the pan sauce: Place the garlic and diced veggies around the pork. Add half the chicken stock, the wine and bay leaves to the pan. Sprinkle everything with salt.nCover the pork bones with aluminum foil to prevent the bones from burning. Place the pork in the oven. Roast until the pork is starting to brown, about 30 minutes.nTurn the oven down to 325 degrees F.nRoast the pork for 2 12 more hours, basting the pork occasionally. Rotate the pork a couple of times during the cooking time. If the liquid level reduces, replace it with the remaining stock.nWhen the pork is cooked to the proper doneness  an instantread thermometer should read 140 to 145 degrees F  remove it from the oven. Carefully transfer the pork to a serving platter and cover it loosely with aluminum foil. Let the pork rest for 20 to 25 minutes.nBring the pan juices to a boil. Taste and reseason if needed. Blend the veggies if desired to create a smoother sauce. I also like to leave them in.nTo serve: Remove the twine. Scoop out the stuffing and cut the pork in between the bones to create chops. Top with pan sauce.nCoat a wide, straightsided pan with olive oil and add the bacon. Bring the pan to a medium heat and let the bacon get brown and crispy.nAdd the celery, onions and fennel and season with salt. Cook the veggies until they get soft and very aromatic, 8 to10 minutes. Add the rosemary and garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more.nToss in the chestnuts, cranberries and pears, and stir to combine. Add the wine and let it reduce by half.nPut the bread in a large mixing bowl and add the cooked veggie mixture to the bread. Stir to combine and douse the bread with half the stock. Use your hands to combine the bread, veggies and stock. Add more stock whenif needed to really saturate the bread. Season with salt and taste it to make sure it is delicious., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, picked and finely chopped, 1 bunch fresh sage, picked and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, One 13rib pork loin, membrane between the rib bones slit to allow the pork to curl around and stand up, Kosher salt, Pear and Chestnut Stuffing, recipe follows, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 fennel bulb, cut into 14inch dice, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces slab bacon, cut into 14inch dice, 4 ribs celery, cut into 14inch dice, 2 Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, 14 fennel bulb, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 sprigs rosemary, picked and finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 8 ounces peeled chestnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 cup dried cranberries, 4 Anjou pears, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 cups dry white wine, 12 cups cubed crustless, stale sourdough or peasant bread, 4 cups chicken stock, warmed], title: Crown Roast of Pork, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 28093: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the bacon strips on top of a grill rack on a baking sheet. Bake until crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and reserve.nIn a large bowl, add the cabbages, celery, green onion and parsley. Toss together and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, add the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, the smoked paprika and the shrimp.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the shrimp. Saute, tossing frequently, until the shrimp are cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nIn a blender, add the mayonnaise, sour cream, olive oil, cider vinegar, mustard, cayenne, salt, pepper and garlic and blend together until smooth. Add the mixture to the bowl with the cabbage. Stir in the crumbled bacon and the shrimp and serve., ingredients: [12 pound bacon, 14 head white cabbage, cored and shredded, 14 head purple cabbage, cored and shredded, 3 celery stalks, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons chopped green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 pounds shrimp 21 to 25 peeled and deveined, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic], title: Smoky Shrimp Slaw, picturelink: null}, 28094: {instructions: Remove legs from crab and smash with back of knife. Remove claws and break in 3 pieces. Remove meat from body and head.nHeat 18 cup clarified butter in large saucepan on high heat. Add crab parts and meat, then add onion, celery and green pepper. Stir in tomatoes and garlic. Mix fish stock with tomato paste and add to crab saute. Bring to boil and add bay leaves. Simmer gently, stirring and skimming top frequently, for 8 minutes. Stir in oysters and their juices, then add shrimp and okra. Season with pepper.nIn small bowl, blend file and cold water. Add to soup and stir briskly. On mediumlow heat, cook soup for 1 hour do not let soup boil. Serve piping hot., ingredients: [4 small blue crabs, cooked, 18 cup clarified butter, 6 ounces onion, finely sliced, 1 ounce celery, finely sliced, 1 green pepper, finely chopped, 3 medium tomatoes, blanched, skinned, seeds removed, cut into quarters, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 cups fish stock, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound oysters, 8 ounces tiny shrimp, cooked, 1 12ounce can okra, okra pieces halved, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon file powder, 18 cup cold water], title: Creole Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 28095: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 10inch cake pan with vegetable cooking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with a 10inch parchment paper circle. Spray the top of the parchment paper circle with vegetable cooking spray.nPlace both chopped chocolates in a bowl and melt over a double boiler.nCombine the sugar and water in a 1quart saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil until all of the sugar is dissolved. Pour the hot syrup into the bowl of melted chocolate. Whisk until the mixture is homogenous. Add the butter and whisk until well mixed.nUse an electric mixer to beat the eggs and sugar until well blended. Use a rubber spatula to fold this mixture into the chocolate mixture. Be careful to mix gently.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Place a baking sheet with oneinch sides in the oven. Place the filled cake pan on the baking sheet. Fill the baking sheet with water so the water covers the bottom inch of the cake pan. Bake until the cake surface appears dull and taut when pressed in the middle, about 40 minutes.nRemove the cake pan from the oven and allow to cool on a wire rack. Turn off the oven and let the baking sheet and water cool before you attempt to remove them.nTEMPERING CHOCOLATE: Tempering is important because it determines the final gloss, hardness, and contraction of the chocolate. Those factors are evidence that the cocoa butter in the chocolate has been correctly crystallized. Chocolate is purchased in its tempered form. It snaps when you break it, usually has a nice shine to it and it is hard. In order to use it, you need to melt it. When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate and you lose the temper crystallization. If you want to use the chocolate for molding or coating, it needs to be tempered. Tempering chocolate means putting the molecules of fat back together. There are a variety of ways to do it.nOne of the easiest ways to temper it is to place the chocolate in a glass bowl and put it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. Keep an eye on it the chocolate will not look like it has melted because it retains its shape. The chocolate should be only slightly warmer than your bottom lip. You may still see lumps in it but, dont worry the residual heat of the chocolate will melt them. You can also use an immersion blender to break up the lumps and start the recrystallization process. Usually, the chocolate begins to set recrystallize along the side of the bowl. As it begins to crystallize, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate and they will begin the recrystallization process. I like to use a glass bowl because it retains the heat and keeps the chocolate tempered a long time.nHere is another easy way to temper chocolate. In this method, tempering is achieved by adding small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate but is usually one fourth of the total amount. I use an immersion blender to mix the 2 together.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is call tabliering. Chocolate is melted over a hot water bath to a temperature between 88 and 90 F 31 to 34 C. White and milk chocolate are melted to a temperature approximately 2 F less, depending on the amount of milk fat they contain. 23 of the melted chocolate is poured on a cold table or marble surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until the temperature of the chocolate is approximately 81 F 27 C. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining one third of nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass in the bowl has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is further worked on the cold table until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room and makes a big mess.nHere is a tip: Temper more chocolate than you need. A larger quantity will hold its temper longer than a smaller quantity just like a large cup of coffee will stay hot longer than a small cup of espresso. You can always reuse the extra chocolate. Most people have trouble tempering because they use too small of an amount. Dont forget to use a glass bowl.nA simple method of checking tempering is by applying a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within 5 minutes.nRemember, just like everything else in life, practice makes perfect. If your chocolate does not temper the first time, you can still eat it Now that is an incentive, ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 6 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 6 ounces sugar, 5 ounces water, 6 ounces softened butter, 6 eggs, 3 ounces sugar], title: Jacques Easy Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 28096: {instructions: Boil the beans in salted water for 4 to 5 minutes, or microwave, covered, for 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a food processor, puree the edamame, tahini, water, lemon zest and juice, garlic, salt, cumin, and coriander until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and mix until absorbed.nTransfer to a small bowl, stir in the parsley and drizzle with remaining oil. Serve with the suggested vegetables, or refrigerate, covered, up to 1 day., ingredients: [12 pound frozen shelled edamame green soy beans, about 1 12 cups, 14 cup tahini, 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 lemon about 3 tablespoons, juiced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Suggested serving: Sliced cucumbers, celery, and olives], title: Edamame Hummus, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 28097: {instructions: Put cut potatoes into a saucepan, and cover them with cold water. Put the pot over medium high heat, and boil until tender. Drain off the water, and mash with cream, and butter. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds red bliss potatoes, roughly cut, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crushed Red Bliss Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 28098: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Food processornIn a medium saucepan, combine 6 cups water, salt, sugar, bay leaf, cinnamon stick, peppercorns, and cloves. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring gently. Once the sugar and salt have dissolved, remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to a large bowl, add the chicken, and refrigerate, covered, at least 2 hours or overnight. Bring the remaining 2 cups of water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat. In a medium heatproof bowl, add the ancho chiles and cover with the boiling water. Weigh down with a plate so the peppers remain under water and let them soak for 15 minutes. Remove and discard the stems when the peppers have softened.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. On a sheet tray toss the jalapenos, onion, tomatoes, garlic and cumin with 2 tablespoons oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until nicely caramelized with good color, 25 to 30 minutes. Add the pumpkin seeds to a dry, hot skillet on high heat. Stir often, until the seeds are golden and begin to pop. Transfer to a food processor along with roasted vegetables. Add the soaked chiles, about 2 tablespoons of chili soaking liquid, the cilantro leaves and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to the processor. Puree until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed.nRemove the chicken from the refrigerator, blot dry with paper towels and put into a large Dutch oven. Pour in the mole sauce and bake, covered, until the chicken is cooked through, about 55 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer the chicken to a cutting board to cool. When cool to the touch, shred the chicken and add it back to the sauce. Spoon the mole into corn tortillas and serve with lime wedges, avocado slices, shredded lettuce, red onion, and radishes. Garnish with cilantro leaves and enjoy., ingredients: [8 cups water, divided, 12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 bay leaf, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 6 bonein, skinless chicken breasts, 5 ancho chiles dried poblano peppers, 2 large jalapenos, halved, 1 large onion, quartered, 3 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded, 4 whole garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 14 cup olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pumpkin seeds, 1 large bunch cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 16 corn tortillas, kept warm, 2 limes, cut into 8 wedges, 2 avocados, halved, pitted and flesh sliced, 12 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 bunch radishes, thinly sliced], title: Chicken in PumpkinAncho Mole Sauce, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 28099: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan, heat butter over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and sweat for 3 minutes until vegetables are translucent and aromatic. Add chicken stock and cream and bring to a simmer. Whisk in polenta and reduce heat to low. Cook over a low heat for 2 hours, stirring regularly.nRemove from heat and whisk in cheese and butter, and season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cups minced onion, 1 clove minced garlic, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups polenta recommended: Anson Mills, 4 ounces mascarpone, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt], title: Soft Polenta, picturelink: null}, 28100: {instructions: Cut the fish into 6 pieces, about 3inch rectangles, and season with salt and pepper. Thoroughly mix the coconut milk, sliced onion, turmeric, paprika, curry powder, ginger, garlic, chile, and fish sauce together. Add the fish pieces, mix well, and marinate for 15 minutes. Fold two sides to 1inch height each, and fold the comers on the other ends to meet in the center. This will make a point at both ends. Fold these points down twice and secure with a toothpick, creating a small pocket. Place 4 ounces of vegetables into the pocket. Place the fish over it, finishing with a few slices of Thai chile on top. Steam the pockets for 7 minutes. Serve immediately and garnish with scallions.ncan be obtained at Asian and Latin grocers., ingredients: [1 pound fillet of scrod, flounder, sole, or similar fish, 1 can coconut milk, 12 cup thinly sliced onion, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, 1inch of fresh ginger, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh Thai chile pepper, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 6 to 8 large cabbage leaves, 1 bunch of spinach or baby bok choy, 6 pieces of banana leaves, each 12 inches square, 12 cup of scallion slivers], title: Steamed Fish with Spiced Rub in Banana Leaf, picturelink: null}, 28101: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch cake pan with 1 teaspoon olive oil.nFor the fennel: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, dissolve the sugar in 34 cup water, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Add the fennel, salt and lemon juice, and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the liquid is reduced by threequarters, about 15 minutes. Spread the candied fennel evenly over the bottom of the prepared cake pan. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the cake: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, olive oil, lemon zest and fennel pollen. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and whisk until just combined. Pour the batter evenly over the candied fennel. Place in the preheated oven and bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean, 30 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes in the pan, then invert the cake onto a plate to cool completely.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, whisk together the raspberry jam, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons warm water.nSprinkle the cake with a few picked fennel fronds. Slice into wedges and serve with a spoonful of the sauce., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 small or 1 large bulbs fennel, halved and sliced into 18inch half moons, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup milk, room temperature, 2 eggs, room temperature, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for greasing pan, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon fennel pollen or ground fennel seed, 13 cup seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon lemon juice., Fennel fronds, for garnish], title: Fennel UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 28102: {instructions: Heat a castiron griddle over mediumhigh heat until hot.nCut a small incision into each chicken breast to form a pocket for stuffing. Stuff 1 tablespoon goat cheese 2 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Pesto into each pocket. Season chicken all over with salt and pepper.nSpray griddle with cooking spray. Place chicken on hot griddle and sear on each side for at least 3 minutes and then check for doneness the temperature should register 165 degrees F when measured with an instantread thermometer. Meanwhile, warm remaining Roasted Garlic Pesto in the microwave. Pour remaining pesto over breasts and serve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cut tops off garlic. Lightly spray each with cooking oil spray. Wrap in aluminum foil and roast for 1 hour. Let cool before handling. Squeeze pulp from garlic into a food processor. Add basil and pine nuts and pulse until smooth.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 6 ounces each, 1 recipe Roasted Garlic Pesto, recipe follows, 14 cup goat cheese, 12 teaspoon salt 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 sprays vegetable oil cooking spray, 4 heads garlic, 4 sprays olive oil cooking spray, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon pine nuts], title: Garlic Pesto Stuffed Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 28103: {instructions: If using wings, cut each wing at the joints into 3 pieces. In a stockpot or kettle combine the chicken parts with 14 cups of the cold water. Bring the water to a boil, skimming the froth, add the remaining 12 cup cold water, and bring the mixture to a simmer, skimming the froth. Add the onions, stuck with the cloves, the garlic, the celery, the carrots, the salt, the parsley, the peppercorns, the thyme, and the bay leaf and simmer the mixture, skimming the froth, for 3 hours. Stain the stock through a fine sieve into a bowl and let it cool to warm. If a more concentrated flavor is desired boil the stock until it is reduces to the desired concentration. Chill the stock and remove the fat. The stock keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 week if it is brought to a boil every 2 days and allowed to cool to warm, uncovered, before being chilled again, and keeps, frozen, for 3 months., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken backs, wings, necks, and bones, or a combination, 14 12 cups cold water, 2 onions, peeled and halved, 2 whole cloves, 4 unpeeled garlic cloves, 1 rib celery, halved, 2 carrots, halved, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 long parsley sprigs, 12 black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 1 bay leaf], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 28104: {instructions: To skillet add minced shallot and cook over moderate heat, stirring, for 12 minutes, or until softened. Add vinegar, wine and tarragon. Deglaze pan, scraping up brown bits, until reduced by half. Add chicken stock have heated so that it comes to the boil quickly. Bring to a boil. Strain sauce into a small saucepan and bring back to a boil., ingredients: [Pan juices from a chicken breasts with skin on, 13 cup minced shallot, 12 cup whitewine vinegar, 23 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 2 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth], title: Tarragon Pan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28105: {instructions: Peel the potatoes. There should be about 4 12 pounds when peeled. Drop the potatoes into cold water until ready to cook. Bring enough water to boil to cover the potatoes when they are added. Add salt to taste. Add potatoes and cook 25 minutes, or until they are slightly undercooked. They will cook later in the oven.nMeanwhile preheat oven to 450 degrees. Drain the potatoes and put them in a large heavy skillet. Sprinkle generously with pepper and add 16 tablespoons of butter. Using a large heavy spoon, cut the potatoes haphazardly into chunks, each about 2 inches thick. Let them cook 12 to 15 minutes, turning the pieces over so that they brown evenly. Meanwhile, heat a large heavy skillet preferably a 12inch, number 10 black iron skillet until it is hot and almost smoking. Melt the remaining 8 tablespoons of butter in a saucepan and pour it into the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon of the garlic and the potato mixture, mix together and then flatten it on top with a large heavy metal spoon. Let cook moderately high heat for three minutes. Place the skillet in the oven and bake 15 minutes.nRemove form the oven and pour off the free butter from around the sides, taking care not to let the potatoes fall form the skillet this butter may be recycled and put to other uses, such as scrambling eggs. Cover the skillet with a heat proof round dish, such as a pizza pan. Invert the skillet onto the pan, allowing the potatoes to fall evenly on the pan. Place the pan in the oven and bake 15 minutes longer. Pour off any freeflowing butter from the pan. Carefully slide the pie from the pizza pan or other pan onto a round serving dish. Sprinkle the garlic into a circle in the center of the pie, garnish around the circle of garlic with an outer circle of chopped parsley. Serve with the perfect roasted chicken, Tbone or roasted lobster, ingredients: [5 pounds Idaho or russet potatoes, 24 tablespoons butter or duck fat 4 sticks, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Chez Louis Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 28106: {instructions: Whisk all vinaigrette ingredients in a bowl. Mix all vegetables in a bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over the vegetables, toss and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dry oregano, Salt and pepper, 12 head green cabbage, julienned, 14 head red cabbage, julienned, 12 red bell pepper, julienned, 12 green bell pepper, julienned, 12 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 1 green onion, green part only cut in 1inch lengths], title: Gourmet Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 28107: {instructions: For the dough, in large mixing bowl, mix dry ingredients. Add 14 pound soft butter and work and work finely into flour. Cut cold butter into 12inch pieces and add to bowl. Work in until butter is left peasized. Drizzle water over mixture and toss in. If dough is dry, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Dough should still be loose in bowl, not a ball. Turn out onto work surface and pull together. Divide into 2 equal portions, flatten each slightly, and wrap in plastic. Chill at least 1 hour before rolling.nFor the fig topping, in a large saucepan, combine all but the last 2 ingredients and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring frequently to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, until fruit is soft and thickened. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Add butter and puree to blend. Add remaining zest of 2 lemons and pulse in. Transfer to a bowl and allow to cool.nTo assemble, on a floured surface roll dough into 2 rounds. Place parchment paper on sheet tray, and lightly dust parchment with flour. Place both dough rounds on sheet tray. Spread half of fig topping on each dough round. Top with thinly sliced pears. Fold dough over edges to form a rustic fruit tart. Brush dough folds with egg wash. Place baking sheet on bottom rack in oven Bake 25 to35 minutes in a preheated 375 degree oven, until dough is a lightmedium golden brown. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Cut tart with pizza wheel to serve., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 pound unsalted butter. Slightly softened, 1 pound cold, unsalted butter, 34 cup cold water, 4 pounds soft, dried figs, stems removed, 1 pound dark raisins, 1 pound pitted prunes, 1 pound sugar 1 cup, 1 cup light corn syrup, Grated zest of 4 lemons, plus grated zest of 2 lemons, 4 cups water, 8 ounces unsalted butter, soft, 6 pounds pears, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 egg, beaten, Flour, for dusting work surface and sheet tray], title: Fruit Pizza, picturelink: null}, 28108: {instructions: Combine the tequila, sherry, maraschino liqueur, elderflower liqueur and orange bitters in a cocktail shaker with ice stir. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a cherry.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12 ounces tequila preferably anejo or reposado, 1 ounce Manzanilla sherry, 14 ounce maraschino liqueur, 14 ounce elderflower liqueur, 2 dashes orange bitters, Marasca cherry, for garnish optional], title: Flor Delice, picturelink: grXkOR2hE4mv2dOVgAmVLhgT.P8oN0.}, 28109: {instructions: For the osso buco: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh to high heat. Sprinkle the shanks with salt and pepper and brown all over, turning occasionally, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a large plate.nStir the garlic, celery, carrots, onions and fennel seeds into the pot, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rosemary, thyme, tomato paste and bay leaves, sprinkle with salt and pepper and stir 1 minute. Sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and stir 1 minute, then pour in the wine and deglaze the pot, scraping and stirring 1 minute longer. Add the chicken stock and saffron, followed by the tomatoes. Add the orange peel, juice and chile. Scrape down the pot and add the meat back into the pot. Cover and transfer to the oven. Cook, turning the meat once about halfway through, 2 hours.nFor the gremolata: When the meat is about ready to come out of the oven, combine the orange zest on aboard with the lemon zest. Finely chop the parsley and combine with zest and the chopped or processed nuts.nFor serving: Transfer the shanks to a platter and cut off the kitchen string. Split the crusty bread and warm through in the oven. Fish the bay leaves out of the sauce and place the Dutch oven back on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Whisk the sauce to combine and thicken, 4 to 5 minutes.nServe the shanks in shallow bowls topped with the chunky sauce and gremolata. Serve the crusty bread on the side for mopping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 to 6 veal shanks, tied with kitchen string, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 to 3 small ribs celery and leafy tops, chopped, 1 large carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 large fresh bay leaves, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 healthy pinch saffron threads, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, Zest and juice of 1 orange, with 1 strip unzested, peel reserved, 1 fresh red Fresno chile, halved and seeded or 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Crusty bread, for serving, Zest of 1 lemon, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup toasted pistachio nuts, processed into crumbs], title: Osso Buco with Gremolata, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 28110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the tomatoes in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until the tomatoes are tender and the skins are charred in spots, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bowl.nFor the vinaigrette: Place the tomatoes, basil, vinegar, olive oil, honey, smoked salt, and pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth.nPour the vinaigrette over the pasta and toss until coated. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Season with smoked salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound 2 dry pints cherry tomatoes, 1 pound orzo pasta, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon smoked salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Orzo with Smokey Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: y2bjyLYMmIMAVfVtvyjP8kFCgtld9zG}, 28111: {instructions: Caribou Loin and Sauce: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut 2 12 ounces of butter and 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large saute pan and heat. Season the caribou with salt and pepper. Sear caribou over low heat. Remove the meat from the pan, add the wild mushrooms and shallots. After searing the meat, put it in a pan and cook in the oven for 15 minutes. It is very important that you served this meat rare or medium rare.nDeglaze the pan with the red wine. Add the veal stock and the currant jelly. Reduce the mixture by half. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nPotatoes: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Peel the potatoes and boil for 20 to 25 minutes. Drain the potatoes and mash. Place back in the pot with 112 ounce of butter, the mashed roasted garlic, the roasted bacon and the hot milk.nVegetables: Working in batches, in a large saute pan over high heat, melt butter and toss to heat vegetable through. Season with salt and pepper.nDressing of the plate: In a plate, place a quenelle of mashed potato, the blanched vegetables on the side and then the meat. Pour the sauce on the meat., ingredients: [4 4ounce portions caribou, 2 12 ounces butter, 6 12 ounces wild mushrooms, 2 tablespoons currant jelly, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup veal stock, 34 cup red wine, Salt and pepper, 5 large Yukon gold potatoes, 1 small head garlic, roasted and mashed, 1 12 ounces butter, 3 12 ounces bacon, cooked and chopped fine, 12 cup milk, hot, 14 pound asparagus, peeled and blanched, 14 pound snow peas, trimmed and blanched, 14 pound bok choy, blanched, 14 pound string beans, trimmed and blanched, Butter, for sauteing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butter Roasted Caribou Loin, Mashed Potatoes with Roasted Garlic and Bacon, Sauteed Vegetables, Wild Mushroom Sauce with Currant Jelly, picturelink: null}, 28112: {}, 28113: {instructions: Begin by boiling whole potatoes, and cook until fork tender. Once potatoes have cooked, peel and mash with the butter, onion, Parmesan, parsley, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Once all of these ingredients have been mixed, the ravioli is ready to be made. Place a tablespoon of potato mixture onto pasta dough, approximately 2inches apart. Brush dough with egg white, and cover with another layer of pasta dough. Using a cookie cutter, press down over each potato ravioli, and cut out the shapes. Once all raviolis are cut out, set aside.nTo make the sauce, heat a large skillet. Add the garlic for a few seconds, and remove. Add the crayfish to the skillet and saute for a minute. Add the cognac and flambe crayfish. Add the ravioli, cream, and fish stock, and cook for 5 minutes.nTo serve ravioli, plate in large bowl or dish, and sprinkle with chopped parsley, Parmesan, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, 2 ounces Parmesan, 2 ounces parsley, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, Salt and pepper, Fresh pasta dough sheets, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 pound shrimp or crawfish, 12 cup Cognac, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup fish stock, 12 cup chopped parsley, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Potato Ravioli with Crayfish, picturelink: null}, 28114: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 cup standard muffin tinnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line standard muffin tins with cupcake liners or spray footed cupcake holders with nonstick spray.nPut the butter, root beer, and cocoa in a microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and microwave on HIGH until the butter melts, about 2 minutes. Whisk to combine.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the sour cream, eggs, and vanilla together in a small bowl.nWhisk the hot cocoa mixture into the dry ingredients. Stir in the sour cream mixture just to combine take care not to overmix. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups, filling each one about 34 of the way full, about 14 cup per cupcake. Bake cupcakes until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely in the tin on a rack. Remove from liners and return cakes to a rack.nFor Frosting: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a mixers bowl above the water. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, cream of tartar, and salt in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and continue whisking until the mixture is hot to the touch and the sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until eggs beat up into a cool stiff meringue, about 5 minutes. Add a few drops of desired extract andor food coloring and lightly beat into the meringue.nTo decorate: Using a spoon, offset spatula or piping bag, dollop, spread or pipe about 12 cup meringue on top of each cupcake to make a ghost or monster of your choice. Decorate with candied eyeballs or other candies. These can be finished 2 to 3 hours in advance and held at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup root beer, flat, 13 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 8 large egg whites, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 pinch fine salt, 1 teaspoon banana extract, or more to taste, 1 to 2 drops pastel food coloring, optional, Candied eyeballs], title: Ghouly Cupcakes, picturelink: oH1BdFyq.4k5x3BNRzdbpD2wcorKQ6}, 28115: {instructions: Spread the coconut out in an 8inch square baking dish and microwave on high in 1minute intervals, tossing in between, until the coconut is light golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the coconut to a small bowl and reserve. Wipe out the baking dish.nTrim the cauliflower florets, cutting away as much stem as possible and discarding. In 2 batches, break up the florets into a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles grains of couscous, until you have about 4 cups total. Put the cauliflower grains into the baking dish along with the ginger, coriander, cumin, turmeric, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Stir well, making sure that the cauliflower is coated in the spices. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 3 minutes. Peel back the plastic wrap, being careful not to burn yourself with the steam, and check if the cauliflower is crisptender. If not, stir, cover again and cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes.nOnce the cauliflower couscous is cooked, fold in the raisins, the remaining tablespoon olive oil and half of the coconut. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and garnish with the cilantro and the remaining coconut. Serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1 large head cauliflower about 2 pounds, separated into 1inch florets, 1 teaspoon finely minced ginger, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup raisins, 14 cup cilantro leaves not packed], title: Microwave Spiced Cauliflower Couscous with Raisins and Coconut, picturelink: null}, 28116: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 1quart canning jars Canning rack or kitchen towel Large stockpot Jar lifter or tongs Funnel optionalnGrape leaves keep the pickles crisp. Ask for them at a farmers market, or as an alternative, add 12 teaspoon alum powder to each jar before filling.nSterilize the jars: Wash the jars, lids and bands in hot soapy water and rinse well. Place a canning rack or folded kitchen towel in the bottom of a stockpot and fill halfway with water. Add the jars, making sure they are submerged. Bring to a boil and boil 10 minutes. Remove with a jar lifter or tongs and place on a clean towel. Put the lids and bands in a saucepan of simmering water until ready to use.nMake the brine: Combine 13 cups water with the pickling salt in a large pot and bring to a boil, whisking to dissolve the salt. Set aside.nFill the jars: In the bottom of each sterilized jar, add a layer of cabbage leaves, 1 garlic clove, 1 grape leaf, 2 chiles and a tuft of crown dill. Pack the jar with cucumbers, standing them upright and getting in as many as you can. Top each jar with another garlic clove, grape leaf, chile and tuft of crown dill.nAdd the brine: Ladle the hot brine into each jar use a funnel if you have one, leaving 18 inch headspace. You may not need all of the brine.nClose the jars: Wipe the jar rims with a cloth dipped in boiling water. Screw the sterilized lids on tightas tight as you possibly can.nFerment the pickles: Once the jars cool, transfer them to a warm place 75 degrees For so and let the pickles ferment 1 week. This is the warm jumpstart period the brine should get cloudy and the lid tops should become tight with pressure. Then transfer the jars to a cool, dark place and wait at least 6 weeks and up to6 months before eating.nBe careful opening the jarsfermentation causes the brine to carbonate and it may spray. And dont worry if the garlic changes color its still edible.nPhotograph by The Ingalls, ingredients: [23 cup pickling salt, 14 head green cabbage, cut into 2inch pieces, 8 cloves garlic, 8 fresh grape or black currant leaves, each the size of a silver dollar, 12 dried red chile peppers optional, 4 large heads fresh crown dill bloomed dill, stems trimmed or 4 teaspoons dried dill seeds, 30 to 40 Persian or other small cucumbers about 6 inches long and 1 inch thick], title: Fermented Dill Pickles, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 28117: {instructions: This moist, lemony cake is a perfect brunch or picnic cake.nSet a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees. Butter a 10inch bundt pan and flour the buttered surface, shaking out the excess. Combine butter, sugar, flour and baking powder in mixer with paddle. Beat on low speed 2 minutes. Combine remaining ingredients and add to mixer in 3 additions, beating 1 minute between each addition. Scrape batter into prepared pan and bake for about 1 hour, until cake is well risen and well colored and a knife inserted between the edge and tube emerges clean. Place cake on a rack in pan. For glaze, combine water and sugar and bring to a boil in a saucepan. Remove from heat and add lemon juice and vanilla. Unmold cake and brush glaze evenly all over outside of cake. Cool and wrap for storage. The berry compote, combine all ingredients, cover and refrigerate several hours. Serve slices of the cake with the compote., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 large eggs, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon strained lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup strained lemon juice, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 pint strawberries, rinsed, hulled and sliced, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blueberries, 14 cup sugar], title: Lemon Buttermilk Poundcake, picturelink: null}, 28118: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8inchsquare baking dish and line with nonstick foil, leaving an overhang on 2 sides. Lightly butter the foil.nCombine the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the lemon juice and pulse until the dough just comes together. Press the dough into the bottom of the prepared baking dish and bake until lightly golden, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes drain on paper towels. Whisk the eggs, corn syrup, sugar, melted butter, vanilla and vinegar in a medium bowl until combined.nScatter the pecans and bacon over the prepared crust, then pour in the filling. Bake until the filling is set and the nuts are golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan on a rack, then lift out of the pan using the overhanging foil. Cut into squares and top with ice cream and more pecans.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, plus more for the baking dish, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 8 slices bacon, diced, 3 large eggs, 1 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 cup pecans, plus more for topping, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: PecanBacon Squares a la Mode, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 28119: {instructions: Saute the peppers and garlic in olive oil. Set aside to cool.nIn a big bowl, combine the crabmeat, 3 tablespoons of the mayonnaise, herbs, bread crumbs, and the cooled Sauteed mixture. Mix well. If it seems dry, add more mayonnaise. Cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes.nMake balls from crab mix into 8 equal portions. Pat each into a disk. Chill again until ready to cook.nPreheat grill for 20 minutes before you need to cook vegetables. Prep all the vegetables then toss in olive oil, salt, and pepper in separate bowls. Grill them over medium high heat until they are tender but not mushy, about 10 to 15 minutes, depending on the heat of the grill. As they come off grill, toss them in a bit more olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Serve warm or at room temperature.nFry the crab cakes over medium high heat in olive oil until golden brown. Serve with the grilled vegetables and Saffron Aioli.nUse garlic that is fresh and firm. If garlic has sprouted, split the cloves and remove green germ. In food processor, puree garlic until chopped fine. Season with salt and pepper and add the saffron and egg yolks. With motor running slowly, add the olive oil in a thin steady stream. When it is done, it should be like a thick mayonnaise. Add lemon juice and cayenne and taste for seasoning.nAlternatively, you can make the aioli in a mortar and pestle, which is the traditional way.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons diced red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons diced yellow bell pepper, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Dungeness crabmeat, picked over, cartilage and shell bits removed, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, preferably homemade, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons dried bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, 2 fennel bulbs, quartered, 1 yellow zucchini, sliced, 24 asparagus spears, 2 leeks, halved, 1 pound new potatoes, partially cooked for 10 minutes in water, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, Pepper, Balsamic vinegar, Saffron Aioli, recipe follows, 8 to 10 cloves garlic, Salt, White pepper, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 egg yolks, room temperature, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, at room temperature, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch cayenne], title: Grilled Vegetables Salad with Crab Cakes and Saffron Aioli, picturelink: null}, 28120: {instructions: Cream together butter and both sugars in a medium bowl. Add egg, baking soda, baking powder, salt and vanilla. Stir in the flour and oatmeal and add in the jelly beans. Mix well. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Drop rounded spoonfuls of batter 2 inches apart on a greased cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup butter or margarine, softened, 13 cup white sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup oatmeal, 1 cup jelly beans, cut up], title: Extreme Oatmeal and Jelly Bean Cookies, picturelink: null}, 28121: {instructions: Preheat grill.nBrush both sides of the bread with olive oil. Place 4 slices of bread on a baking sheet and place 2 slices of fontina, 4 slices of pepper, artichokes and arugula on each slice of bread. Top each slice with the remaining 4 slices of bread and grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and the cheese has melted.nBlack Olive Mayonnaise: Place all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Serve with sandwiches., ingredients: [8 slices sourdough bread, sliced 1inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, 16 slices fontina, sliced 14inch thick, 2 red peppers, grilled and cut into 8 pieces, 4 marinated artichoke hearts, sliced thinly, 2 cups arugula leaves, 1 cup good quality mayonniase, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Garden Grilled Cheese Sandwiches with Black Olive Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 28122: {instructions: Lightly crush the pretzel twists, leaving them very chunky.nAdd the marshmallows and butter to a large saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until completely melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the crushed pretzels, cereal, chocolates, doughnuts, peanuts and potato chips. Stir quickly, until the mixture is just combined and an even consistency.nWith a spatula, transfer to a 9by13inch casserole dish that has been greased with cooking spray. Spray your hands with a little cooking spray and pat the mixture down until flat and even. Let cool for at least 30 minutes. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [3 cups pretzel twists, One 10ounce bag marshmallows, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups rice cereal squares, such a Rice Chex, 1 cup candycovered pretzel chocolates, such as Pretzel MMs, 1 cup chocolate doughnut holes, 1 cup roasted salted peanuts, 1 cup ridged potato chips, Cooking spray, for greasing the casserole dish], title: Super Snack MashUp, picturelink: nbe0PUxTuCyFvGhgQerQez9UrA6hCVK}, 28123: {instructions: Soak chile in warm water in a 1cup glass measure until softened, about 30 minutes, then drain.nFinely chop cilantro and garlic together in a food processor. Add chile, lime juice, sugar, and salt, then process until finely chopped. Add butter and blend until smooth, then spoon into a ramekin or roll into a cylinder using parchment paper.nCooks note: Garlicancho butter keeps, tightly covered and chilled for 1 week, ingredients: [1 dried ancho or guajillo, seeded and torn into pieces, 12 cup warm water, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Pinch sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 ounces 12 cup or 1 stick unsalted butter, softened], title: GarlicAncho Butter, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 28124: {instructions: Puree the persimmons in a mini food processor or blender until smooth set aside.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until combined, then beat in 34 cup of the persimmon puree until combined. The mixture may look curdled. Reduce the mixer speed to low gradually add the flour mixture, beating until just incorporated. Fold in the raisins with a rubber spatula. Cover and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Scoop heaping tablespoonfuls of dough about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden brown, about 13 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and milk in a small bowl. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the glaze over each cookie, then sprinkle with the pistachios. Let set, 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 very ripe Fuyu persimmons, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 23 cup golden raisins, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pistachios], title: Persimmon Spice Cookies, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 28125: {instructions: Season the veal shanks with salt and pepper and dredge them in the flour, shaking off the excess. In a heavy skillet heat 3 tablespoons of the butter and 3 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat until the foam subsides. In the fat, brown the veal shanks in batches, adding some of the additional butter and oil as necessary and transferring the shanks as they are browned to a platter. Add the wine to the skillet, boil the mixture, scraping up the brown bits clinging to the bottom and sides of the skillet, until the liquid is reduced to about 12 cup, and reserve the wine mixture in a small bowl.nIn a flameproof casserole just large enough to hold the veal shanks in one layer cook the onion, the carrots, the celery, and the garlic in the remaining 4 tablespoons butter over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened. Add the shanks with any juices that have accumulated on the platter, the reserved wine mixture, and enough of the broth to almost cover the shanks. Spread the tomatoes over the shanks, add the cheesecloth bag, salt and pepper to taste, and bring the liquid to a simmer over moderately high heat. Braise the mixture, covered, in the middle of a preheated 325 degree oven for 2 hours, or until the veal is tender. Transfer the shanks with a slotted spoon to an ovenproof serving dish, discard the strings, and keep the shanks warm. Strain the pan juices into a saucepan, pressing hard on the solids, and skim the fat. Boil the juices for 10 minutes, or until they are reduced to about 3 cups, baste the shanks with some of the reduced juices, and bake them, basting them 3 or 4 times with some of the remaining juices, for 10 minutes more, or until they are glazed.nMake the gremolata while the veal is baking: In a bowl stir together the parsley, the zest, and the garlic. Sprinkle the veal shanks with the gremolata, pour some of the juices around them, and serve the remaining juices separately., ingredients: [8 to 10 large 2 12inchthick veal shanks, each patted dry and tied securely with kitchen string to keep the meat attached to the bone, Allpurpose flour for dredging the veal shanks, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter plus additional if necessary, 3 tablespoons olive oil plus additional if necessary, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 12 cups finely chopped onion, 34 cup finely chopped carrots, 34 cup finely chopped celery, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 to 4 cups chicken broth or beef broth, 1 12 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped tomato or 1 12 cups drained canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 cheesecloth bag containing 6 fresh parsley sprigs, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, and 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup minced fresh parsley leaves preferably flatleafed, 2 tablespoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon minced garlic], title: Osso Buco, picturelink: null}, 28126: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8inch springform pan with some of the melted butter. Mix the remaining butter with the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and salt in a bowl. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool completely on a rack.nMake the filling: Halve and pit the avocados, then scoop out the flesh and chop. Transfer to a bowl, add the cream cheese and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the condensed milk, lime and lemon juices, and the salt and beat until fluffy, scraping the bowl as needed. Pour the filling into the crust, press a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface and chill at least 4 hours.nRemove the springform ring and slice the pie. Garnish with whipped cream or confectioners sugar, if desired, and serve immediately the top will start to brown as the pie sits.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 medium hass avocados, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt, Whipped cream or confectioners sugar, for garnish optional], title: Avocado Pie, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 28127: {instructions: Place the garlic and salt in a large mortar and pound together. Or place them in a large bowl and use the back of a flat spoon to mash them against the side of the bowl. Add the fresh chile, if using, the mint, and the scallions and continue to pound or mash to soften and blend. Add the tomatoes and gently pound or mash until borken up a little. Add the chile oil and toss well. Serve the salad mounded in a shallow bowl, with the juices poured over.nHeat the oil in a wok or skillet. As soon as it starts to smoke, toss in the chile flakes, taking care not to splash yourself, and remove from the heat. Let stand until completely cool, then transfer to a clean dry glass jar and store in a cool place. If you wish, in several days you can strain out the chiles and store them separately or discard them, leaving you with just a gleaming orange spicyhot oil., ingredients: [2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, Pinch minced chile, such as jalapeno optional, 1 cup tender mint leaves, coarsely torn, 2 to 3 scallions, trimmed, sliced lengthwise into ribbons, and then cut crosswise into 1inch lengths, 5 medium tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Hot Chile Oil, recipe follows, 12 cup peanut or vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons dried red chile flakes], title: Dai Mint and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 28128: {instructions: Fill a large bowl halfway with ice water and set aside.nBring a medium pot of salted cold water to a boil. Add the yellow and green beans and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until just crisptender. Drain and immediately plunge into the ice water to stop the cooking. Let sit in the ice water for a few minutes, and then drain well.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with salted cold water, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are almost cooked through a knife or skewer inserted into the center should meet just a little resistance, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain well and let cool slightly.nHeat your grill to high.nOnce cool enough to handle, slice the potatoes lengthwise, brush with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill, cut side down, and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and grill until just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Keep the grill on.nCombine the cooked beans, grilled potatoes, tomatoes, onion, basil and parsley in a large bowl. Ad the vinaigrette and gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the shrimp.nTo make the spice rub, combine the fennel, mustard and coriander with the salt and pepper in a bowl.nPut the shrimp in a large bowl and toss with the spice rub until evenly coated. Add the 14 cup olive oil and toss to coat. Place the shrimp on the grates of the grill in an even layer and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Turn the shrimp over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 45 seconds to 1 minute longer.nArrange the salad on 4 large plates and top with the shrimp.nWhisk together the vinegar, mustard, honey, garlic and anchovy paste and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 ounces fresh wax beans, 4 ounces fresh green beans, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound red and yellow grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Nicoise vinaigrette, recipe follows, 4 teaspoons ground fennel seed, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound jumbo 21 to 25 count shrimp, shelled and deveined, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled SpiceRubbed Shrimp Nicoise Salad, picturelink: null}, 28129: {instructions: Spread the coconut on a plate. Put the dates, almonds, cinnamon and salt in a food processor and process until finely chopped.nForm rounded 12 teaspoonfuls of the mixture into balls with your fingers, then roll in the coconut, pressing to coat.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut, 3 12 ounces pitted dried dates about 14, 15 small raw almonds, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of kosher salt], title: Mini DateNut Snowballs, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 28130: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the sugar, cinnamon and orange zest in a bowl. Sprinkle 12 the sugar mix on a clean work surface. Lay the puff pastry on top of the sugar and sprinkle the remaining sugar mix on top of the pastry.nUsing a rolling pin, roll the sugar into the dough, and roll the dough into an even rectangle, about 18inch thick.nWorking from the short ends of the rectangle, roll up each end of the dough to meet in the middle. Lay the rolls on top of each other and gently press to secure. Wrap the dough in plastic and let sit in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.nCut the dough into slices that are 14inch thick. Lay the slices on 2 parchment paper or silpatlined sheet trays and bake in the preheated oven for 12 minutes. Turn the slices over and bake for another 6 to 7 minutes. When done, the cookies should be golden brown.nRemove from the oven, and cool on a rack before serving., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Zest of 1 orange, 12 17.3ounce package 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed], title: Palmiers, picturelink: null}, 28131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat fish and all 4 tortillas in a stack and wrapped in foil on a baking sheet for 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a bowl, combine pico de gallo, beans, sour cream and cumin.nArrange fish on tortillas and top with pico de galloblack bean sauce and mixed stir fried vegetables. Serve with a lime wedge on the side.nHeat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, bell peppers, and asparagus and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until soft.n8 servings or 4 servings for fish tacos, and leftovers for another dish like Robins Mixed Vegetable Quiche, ingredients: [6 ounces cooked fish, such as baked cod, 4 flour tortillas, 12 cup pico de gallo, 1 can black beans, drained, 14 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Mixed stir fried vegetables, recipe below, Lime wedges, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced red onion, 1 carrot, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 bunch asparagus, ends trimmed and spears cut into 2inch pieces], title: Fish Soft Tacos with Pico De GalloBlack Bean Sauce, picturelink: 2lWfg3wt5b3SGU47wT7CPD6eJi0bu1a}, 28132: {instructions: Paste:nBlend all the ingredients for the paste together in a blender. Pour into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit for 24 hours.nUsing a backyard grill, start your charcoal with charcoal chimney Never use lighter fluid. When all the coals are covered in a fine grey ash, dump them on 1 side of your grill. Using a stick or spatula push all the coals into a pile. Put your grate on the grill.nChicken:nOpen the beer and pour about a quarter of the beer out of each can. Literally rub the chicken cavities and exterior of the chickens with the jerk paste. Carefully put each can of beer into the cavity of the chickens, bring the legs around the can and truss together. Put the chickens on the opposite side of the fire. Sometimes you may need to put a brick or rock on the backside of the chicken to keep it stable and upright. Put the lid on the grill and make sure the vent holes are directly above the chicken to provide adequate drafting of heat and smoke over the bird. Keep the vent holes open all the way.nCook chickens for 4 to 5 hours at a temperature of 225 degrees F. You will want to rotate the birds a quarter turn every hour and add coals, when needed, to maintain the temperature. Be careful not to add too many coals at once when attempting to bring your temperature back up. You may get it too hot and will have a tough time bringing it back down. Open the lid only when you have to check the temperature.nRemove the chickens from the grill and set aside for 10 minutes. Discard the beer cans and refrigerate the chicken until ready to serve., ingredients: [10 habanero chile peppers, pureed, 6 tablespoons mustard seeds, 4 tablespoons dried rosemary, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 tablespoons dried basil, 4 tablespoons dried thyme, 6 scallions, chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup yellow mustard, 6 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 cans beer, 2 whole chickens, 3 12 pounds each], title: Jamaican Jerk Pit Chicken Backyard Style, picturelink: TDkwWk3Ph6FYFWtO3jjPOQgpKeZR9.}, 28133: {instructions: In a large pot, add the codfish and cover with 1 gallon of water. Bring it to a boil and cook for 10 minutes to remove the salt. Drain the cod and break it into small flakes with a spoon. Set aside.nIn a large frying pan heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the green peppers, onion, tomatoes, and culantro and cook for 2 minutes. Add the codfish, bay leaves, red bell peppers, tomato paste, and capers. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the boiled potatoes and cook until heated through, about 2 more minutes.nGarnish with cilantro. Serve with rice or cooked plantains, if desired.nServing suggestion: white rice or cooked plantains., ingredients: [3 pounds dried codfish, 1 gallon water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 2 culantro leaves, chopped, 2 whole bay leaves, 2 red bell peppers, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon capers, 2 potatoes, peeled, diced and boiled until tender, 4 sprigs cilantro, leaves chopped, for garnish], title: Bacalao Guisado Codfish Stew, picturelink: null}, 28134: {instructions: Saute the shrimp, a few at a time, in a little of the olive oil until lightly brown, adding more oil as needed. Place in a covered dish or jar.nIn a saucepan, combine the remaining oil with the bay leaf, cumin, nutmeg, garlic, paprika, vinegar, onions, chiles, salt, and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil slowly and simmer until the onions are tender, about 5 minutes.nPour the vinegar mixture over the shrimp. Chill overnight.nServe on Romaine leaves, garnished with radishes and green olives., ingredients: [1 pound fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, 13 cup olive oil, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 small onions, thinly sliced, 4 jalapeno chiles, sliced in disks, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 head Romaine lettuce leaves, 8 radishes, sliced, 16 green olives, sliced], title: Camarones en Escabeche, picturelink: null}, 28135: {instructions: Puree raspberries with sugar and lemon juice in a blender or food processor. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids.nScoop sorbet into individual serving bowls and top with coulis. Garnish with a few fresh raspberries.nCoulis keeps 3 days, covered and chilled., ingredients: [2 12 cups fresh raspberries, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 pint chocolate sorbet, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Raspberry Coulis, picturelink: null}, 28136: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the buns: Combine the milk, canola oil and 12 cup of the granulated sugar in a saucepan. Stir and heat until very warm but not boiling. Turn off the heat and allow to cool until the mixture is still warm but not hot, about 30 minutes.nSprinkle the yeast over the mixture. Add 4 cups of the flour and stir to combine the mixture will be very sticky. Cover with a towel and set aside for 1 hour.nAdd the baking powder, baking soda, salt and remaining 12 cup flour to the dough. Stir until combined.nCombine the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar in a small bowl with the cinnamon and whatever other spices you want to use.nLightly flour a work surface and turn out the dough onto it. Press to slightly flatten the dough. Sprinkle a third of the sugarcinnamon mixture over it. Sprinkle on about a third of the raisins. Then fold the dough over on itself and flatten again so the dough is plain again. Repeat the sugarraisin process, then fold the dough again. Repeat a third time.nLine a baking sheet with a silicone liner or parchment paper. Pinch off PingPong or golf ballsize bunches of dough. With floured hands, quickly roll them into balls, then turn the edges under themselves slightly. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Cover and allow to rise in a warm place for at least 30 minutes....an hour plus is better.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the glaze: Mix the egg white with a splash of milk. Brush onto the balls of dough.nBake until the tops of the buns have turned nice and golden brown, 20 minutes give or take. Allow to cool on a cooling rack.nFor the icing: Mix the egg white with enough powdered sugar for the icing to be very thick. Splash in the milk as needed for consistency.nWhen the buns are completely cool, add the icing to a small ziptop bag and snip the corner. Make icing crosses on each bun.nHappy Easter, ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 12 cup canola oil, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 package 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 12 teaspoon heaping baking powder, 12 teaspoon scant baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Additional spices, such as cardamom, nutmeg or allspice, optional, 12 cup raisins, 1 egg white, Splash of milk, 1 egg white, Powdered sugar, as needed, Milk, as needed], title: Hot Cross Buns, picturelink: 36AXPP0zPgna36Kkev13KaThF.hCxTy}, 28137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Brush the bottom and sides of a 9by5inch loaf pan with oil.nPour the 3 tablespoons oil onto a large dinner plate, and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt. Pinch off pieces of dough the size of PingPong balls, and roll them into rough balls. Roll each dough ball around in the salted oil until all sides are coated.nPut half the balls in the prepared pan, squishing them together. Spread half the sauce over the balls, then sprinkle with half the pepperoni, mozzarella and Parmesan. Repeat with the remaining dough balls, sauce, pepperoni and cheeses.nPut the loaf pan on a rimmed baking sheet to catch any drips, and bake until the bread is puffed up and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cover loosely with foil, and continue to bake until the bread is cooked through in the middle, about 25 minutes. Let it rest in the pan for 10 minutes, then use dry oven mitts or kitchen towels to carefully unmold. Sprinkle generously with Parmesan, and serve hot. Let your guests pull the bread apart, ingredients: [3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt, 2 pounds storebought pizza dough, at room temperature, 23 cup pizza sauce, plus more for dipping, 24 pepperoni slices, quartered, 1 cup shredded mozzarella 4 ounces, 14 cup grated Parmesan 1 ounce, plus more for sprinkling], title: Kids Can Make: PullApart Pizza Bread, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 28138: {instructions: To poach the pears: In a large pot, combine the water and sugar over mediumhigh heat. Using a vegetable peeler, cut wide strips of lemon zest from the lemon and add to the pot along with the juice of the whole lemon. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Submerge pears in the simmering liquid, adding more water, if necessary, to just cover the pears. Cut a piece of parchment paper into a circle just large enough to cover the pot. Ease the paper down into the pot until it is touching the surface of the liquid. Simmer the pears until a knife inserted directly into a pear meets little resistance, about 30 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and cool the pears completely in the poaching liquid.nTo make the sauce: In a saucepan, over high heat, combine the brown sugar and water and bring it to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until the sauce is reduced, thicker and takes on a dark golden brown color, about 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully stir in cream, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until very thick, 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in the toasted pecans and salt.nServe 1 to 2 pear halves per person, drizzled with the creamy pecan caramel sauce., ingredients: [5 cups water, plus more as needed, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 ripe but firm pears, such as Bosc or Anjou, peeled, halved lengthwise and cored, 1 lemon, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup toasted pecan halves, Pinch kosher salt], title: Poached Pears with Creamy Pecan Sauce, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 28139: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together well all of the ingredients.nTo make the dressing: in a blender, puree all ingredients except oil and water until smooth. With the motor running, add the oil slowly in a stream, and then blend in the water. This dressing keeps for one week, covered and chilled.nTo make croutons: bake cubed bread in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 7 to 10 minutes or until they are crisp they will shrink in size.nCut sliced country style bread cut into 34 inch cubes., ingredients: [8 cups loosely packed, torn, washed and spun dry romaine lettuce, 7 to 8 tablespoons Caesar salad dressing, recipe follows, 1 cup of 12 inch Croutons, recipe follows, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 4 anchovies, soaked in milk for 15 minutes and drained, 2 teaspoons Worchestershire, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup water], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 28140: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the chipotle chile powder and sugar on a small plate. Rim a coupe glass with a lime wedge, then dip the rim in the chilesugar mixture.nAdd the cognac, mango puree, Simple Syrup and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker, add large ice and shake vigorously. Taste for balance, then doublestrain into the prepared coupe glass and serve.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 lime wedge, 1 12 ounces cognac, such as Hennessy, 1 ounce frozen mango puree, such as Boiron, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 ounce lemon juice, 1 cup sugar], title: Mango Picante, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 28141: {instructions: For the tomatillo salsa: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roast the tomatillos, chiles and garlic on a baking sheet until evenly charred, about 15 minutes. Combine the tomatillos, chiles, garlic, cilantro, cumin and half the onion in a blender and blend. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. With the blender running, slowly add the chicken stock until the salsa has a smooth, saucelike consistency. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan, add the remaining onions and fry until translucent, approximately 3 minutes. Add the tomatillo salsa to the saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the totopos: Add enough vegetable oil to a deep frying pan to fry the tortilla chips. Heat to at least 350 degrees F. Fry the chips in batches until crispy, being careful not to overcrowd the pan. Remove the chips from the oil and place them on paper towels to drain. Alternatively, you can skip this step and purchase your favorite brand of tortilla chips use two 5ounce bags for this recipe.nAdd the chips to the salsa and stir well, fully submerging the chips in the sauce. Cover and let soak for at least 3 minutes.nPrepare the eggs to your liking we prefer them fried overeasy.nTo assemble: Pour the salsa and chips into a large, deep serving platter. Put the fried eggs on top and sprinkle to taste with queso fresco, cilantro and crema., ingredients: [15 to 20 tomatillos, husked and halved, 5 to 7 serrano chiles, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 14 cup cilantro, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds corn tortillas, cut into wedges, 10 large eggs, Queso fresco, for serving, Roughly chopped cilantro, for serving, Mexican crema, for serving], title: Green Chilaquiles, picturelink: null}, 28142: {instructions: To roast peppers: Using a longhandled fork char the peppers over an open flame, turning them, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the skins are blackened. Or broil the peppers on the rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 2 inches from the heat, turning them every 5 minutes, for 15 to 25 minutes, or until the skins are blistered and charred. Transfer the peppers to a bowl and let them steam, covered until they are cool enough to handle. Keeping the peppers whole, peel them starting at the blossom end, cut off the tops, and discard the seeds and ribs. Wear rubber gloves when handling chilies.nIn a blender puree the parsley and the garlic with the vinegar, the water, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste until the sauce is smooth and strain it through a fine sieve set over a small bowl, pressing hard on the solids. Yield: about 12 cupnPreheat the broiler. Arrange the eggplant slices in one layer on baking sheets, brush both sides of the eggplant with the oil, and sprinkle them with salt to taste. Broil the eggplant in batches about 4 inches from the heat for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until it is golden and tender, and transfer it with a metal spatula to paper towels to drain. Line a loaf pan, 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12 inches, with plastic wrap, leaving a 3inch overhang, and in it arrange the eggplant, olive paste, bell peppers, and goat cheese in several layers, beginning and ending with the eggplant. Cover the eggplant with the plastic overhang, weight the terrine with a 3 to 4pound weight such as a loaf pan filled with canned goods, and chill for 24 hours. The terrine may be made 3 days in advance. Remove the weight, invert the terrine onto a cutting board, and discard the plastic wrap. Cut 4 34inch thick slices from the terrine, pour about 2 tablespoons of the parsley sauce onto the center of each of 4 plates, tilting the plates to spread the sauce, and arrange a slice of the terrine on each plate. Garnish each serving with a parsley sprig., ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, preferably flatleaved, 1 small garlic clove, sliced, 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 eggplants about 2 12 pounds total, cut lengthwise into 12inch slices, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup bottled black olive paste such as Tapenade or Olivada available at specialty food shops and some supermarkets, 3 red bell peppers, each roasted and cut lengthwise into 3 sections, 7 ounces soft mild goat cheese, such as Montrachet, sliced thin, Parsley sauce recipe follows as accompaniment, Parsley sprigs for garnish if desired], title: Eggplant, Roasted Pepper, and Goat Cheese Terrine with Parsley Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28143: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the berries, vinegar, and water to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Strain out the seeds and return the liquid to the saucepan. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, salt, cayenne pepper, butter, and grated tangerine rind. Simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Let cool., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or frozen blackberries, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 34 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tangerine, zest grated], title: Chefs Market Blackberry Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 28144: {instructions: Season all sides of catfish with salt and pepper. Mix together shredded Russet potatoes and sweet potatoes. Using both hands, place potatoes in palms of hands and squeeze water out of potatoes. Add onions to potatoes. Mix well. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Brush fish with beaten egg. Spread potato mixture on top of fish. Place oil in a medium saute pan. Place pan on medium heat. When pan is hot, place fish with potato side down in pan. Cook fish until potato side is brown. Turn fish to other side. Cook on the other side for two minutes. Remove fish and saute pan from heat. Place fish in baking pan. Cook in a 350 degree oven for 12 minutes. Return saute pan to medium heat. Add fish stock, mustard, and vinegar. Stir mixture. Cook about 4 minutes. Strain and serve with fish. Pour half a portion of sauce on bottom of plate. Lay half a portion of fish on top of sauce. Do the same with other half portion of sauce and fish. Garnish with lemon and lime slices., ingredients: [2 7 to 8ounce catfish fillets, 2 ounces shredded russet potatoes, 1ounce shredded sweet potatoes, 12ounce shredded Spanish onion, Salt to taste, Pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup fish stock, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 ounces balsamic vinegar, Slices of lemons and limes, for garnish], title: Potato Crusted Catfish, picturelink: null}, 28145: {instructions: For the sloppy Joe:nCut the bread down the side to open up like a sub. Hollow out bread, removing the soft inside. Add 3 ounces Russian dressing, 12 pound cole slaw, 2 ounces corned beef and 2 slices Swiss cheese. Add pastrami, more Russian dressing, and 2 more slices of Swiss cheese. Add the remaining cole slaw and close the sandwich. Slice into 3 pieces and use 3 club toothpicks to secure the Sloppy Joe. Big mouth and a lot of napkins needed., ingredients: [1 loaf rye bread, 6 ounces Russian dressing, 1 pound cole slaw, 2 ounces corned beef, sliced, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 2 ounces pastrami, sliced], title: Sloppy Joe, picturelink: null}, 28146: {instructions: In a large bowl thoroughly mix all ingredients  aside from those in the Cold Water Dough and the Spicy Soy Dipping Sauce  together by hand. Cook a tester to check for seasoning. MAKING THE DUMPLINGS: Place a small mound of filling in the middle of the wrapper. Be very careful not to touch the edges with the filling, as this will impede proper sealing of the dumplings. Nothing is worse than dumplings breaking during cooking. Fold the wrapper in half to form a half moon shape. Starting on one end foldpinch the wrapper tightly together. Proceed with this foldpinch method until the dumpling is completely sealed. There will be approximately 10 to 14 folds per dumpling. Rest the dumplings with the folded edges straight up.nCOOKING THE DUMPLINGS: Use a large stock pot with plenty of water. Add a small handful of salt, as if you were cooking pasta. Make sure the water is at a rolling boil before adding dumplings. Once the dumplings are dropped, gently stir so that they do not stick together or stick to the bottom. Do not try to boil too many at a time, as it will take too long to cook resulting in soggy dumplings. Overcooking also causes the dumplings to break apart.nFor the Cold Water Dough: In a stainless steel bowl, mix flour and salt. Slowly add cold water to flour in 14 cup increments. Mix with chopsticks until a ball is formed. On a floured surface, knead dough until it becomes a smooth, elastic ball. Place back in bowl and cover with a damp cloth. Allow dough to rest for at least 1 hour. Working on a floured surface with floured hands, roll out dough to form a long noodle, 1 inch in diameter. Cut 12 inch pieces and turn them over so cut sides are facing up. Flatten with your palm and roll out thin using a rolling pin. The dumpling wrapper should end up about 3 inches in diameter. For the Spicy Soy Dipping Sauce: Combine all and serve in a small bowl. PLATING: Serve dumplings on a large platter lined with lettuce with a bowl of dipping sauce on the side. One family tradition is the serving of the dumpling broth at the end of the meal since inevitably some of the dumplings do break and flavor the water. Waste not, want not., ingredients: [2 bunches finely chopped garlic chives regular chives can be substituted, 2 small packs 1 13 ounces each mung bean noodles, soaked soft and cut into 12inch strands, 1 cup rehydrated black mushrooms, destemmed and finely diced, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 egg, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups cold water, 13 cup thin soy sauce, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 cup sliced scallions, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sambal], title: Boiled Garlic Chive Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 28147: {}, 28148: {instructions: Rub the Spice Rub on all sides of the rib racks and place on a sheet pan. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 24 hours.nPreheat the grill to 275 to 300 degrees F for about 30 minutes.nRemove the ribs from the refrigerator and let them come to room temperature.nIn a small bowl, add the mustard, vinegar and 1 cup water, and mix until well combined.nPlace the ribs on the grill, boneside down, and turn every 5 minutes, brushing with mustard mixture when you turn them. After 30 minutes stop brushing with the mustard mixture, then continue to turn them every 5 minutes until theyre done, about 2 hours 30 minutes.nServe the ribs with the Homemade BBQ Sauce.nIn a medium bowl, combine the pepper, paprika, garlic salt, seasoned salt and sugar, and mix.nIn a blender, add the habanero peppers and 14 cup of water. Blend until liquid.nIn a stockpot set over medium heat, add the tomato sauce, 1 cup water, the brown sugar, hot sauce, lemon juice, molasses, dry mustard, onin powder, paprika, pepper, granulated sugar, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Add the pureed habaneros as desired for a spicier sauce. Bring the sauce to a simmer and cook at a simmer until it thickens, 1 to 2 hours., ingredients: [Spice Rub, recipe follows, 2 racks spare ribs about 3 pounds each, 2 cups yellow mustard, 1 cup white vinegar, Homemade BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup ground black pepper, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic salt, 14 cup seasoned salt, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 fresh habanero peppers, 4 cups tomato sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup hot sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup dry mustard, 14 cup onion powder, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup ground black pepper, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce], title: Ribs on the Grill, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 28149: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes all over with a fork. Microwave until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Cook the bacon in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, stirring, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon. Add the onion to the pot with the drippings cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Quarter the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out most of the flesh set aside. Arrange the potatoes skinside up on the prepared baking sheet coat with cooking spray. Bake until golden, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the potato flesh, 6 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the pot with the onion and stir to combine. Bring to a boil. Add the broccoli and reduce the heat to maintain a simmer cook until the broccoli is tender, about 8 minutes. Working in small batches, puree in a blender. Return to the pot and stir in the halfandhalf season with salt and pepper.nRemove the potato skins from the oven flip and top with the cheese. Continue baking until bubbling and golden. Top each serving of soup with the bacon and serve with the potato skins., ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 head broccoli, florets chopped about 6 cups, 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 1 14 cups shredded cheddar cheese about 5 ounces], title: Broccoli Soup with Cheddar Potato Skins, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 28150: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients thoroughly in a bowl. Allow to stand for at least 3 hours. Butter some heated wafer irons these are not waffle irons, by rubbing them with a small knob of butter wrapped in a piece of muslin. Pour 1 tablespoon of the batter on to the lower plate of the irons and close the upper plate tight. Cook the wafer on both sides for a few minutes over hot charcoal or over a low gas flame. When cooked, remove carefully from the irons., ingredients: [1 pint halfandhalf single cream, 2 tablespoons rose water, 1 cup plain white flour, 1 cup icing sugar], title: Wafers, picturelink: null}, 28151: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water and the almond milk to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Let steep for 10 minutes. While the mixture is still warm, stir in the spiced rum and agave.nWhile the tea is steeping, whip the cream to soft peaks.nRemove the tea bags and ladle the spiked chai into serving cups. Top with a dollop of whipped cream and a dusting of ground cinnamon., ingredients: [4 cups almond milk, 5 spiced chai tea bags, 8 ounces spiced rum or bourbon, 3 ounces agave syrup, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Chai Tea with Spiced Rum, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 28152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all poaching liquid ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring the poaching liquid to a very low simmer and cook 30 minutes. Skim the top as needed to remove any foam from the surface. Lay some cheesecloth over the top of the poaching liquid, making a bed for the fillets. Submerge salmon in poaching liquid and cook for 8 to 10 minutes.n1 English cucumber, unpeeled, roughly choppednFronds from 1 bunch dill about 1 cupn12 small red onionn2 large lemons, juicedn13 cup mayonnaisen2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oiln13 cup yogurtnSalt and freshly ground black peppernCombine first four ingredients in a blender and puree. Gradually blend in mayonnaise, oil and yogurt and then season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nServe poached salmon with side of sauce., ingredients: [Fish head and bones, Few stalks celery, sliced, if desired, 12 pound carrots, peeled, sliced, if desired, 1 small bunch parsley, 2 cups dry white wine, Water, Salt, Black peppercorns, 4 6 to 8ounce center cut, skinless, salmon fillets], title: Dads Poached Salmon with Cucumber Sauce, picturelink: xoLZOK642ZCyhblI.Ke5g6PqTFGmTzC}, 28153: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the grapeseed oil over medium heat. Season the rabbit loins with salt and pepper, and add the rabbit loins to the pan. Saute the rabbit to desired degree of doneness. With tongs, remove the meat from the heat and season with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Let the meat rest for 90 seconds before thinly slicing on the bias.nEvenly divide the Wilted Arugula Salad among 4 dinner plates, arranging it in the center of each plate. Place the rabbit slices in a pinwheel manner over the salad. Spoon the arugula sauce around the plate. Place a goat cheese quenelle on each plate, and sprinkle with the chopped walnuts. Top with freshly ground black pepper and spoon the reserved cooking juices around the plate.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and garlic, and saute for 1 minute. Add the eggplant and cook for 2 minutes. Add the vinegar, wine, pear, roasted onion and arugula. Cook for 2 more minutes, or until the arugula is just wilted. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve any cooking juices that remain in the pan.nIn a small bowl, combine all the ingredients with a wooden spoon. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Using a small metal spoon and the palm of your hand, form quenelles of the goat cheese mixture.nIn a food processor or blender, puree all of the ingredients together with just enough water to puree smoothly. Pass the puree through a fine mesh sieve. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Warm the puree slightly in a heatproof bowl over simmering water just prior to serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons grapeseed oil, 4 rabbit loins, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Wilted Arugula Salad, recipe follows, Goat Cheese Quenelles, recipe follows, Arugula Puree, recipe follows, 14 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, for garnish, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 18 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 Japanese eggplant, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons white wine, 1 Bosc pear, julienned, 14 cup roasted yellow onion, julienned, 2 cups arugula, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup goat cheese, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped chervil 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 cups arugula, loosely packed, 12 cup spinach, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Illinois Rabbit with Wilted Arugula, Goat Cheese, Nuts, and Arugula Puree, picturelink: null}, 28154: {instructions: Place chicken breasts and flour in ziptop bag. Shake until chicken is coated with flour. Remove from bag, shaking off excess flour and set aside.nHeat the oil in a frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add the chicken breasts and fry until golden brown on both sides. Remove chicken to a plate and set aside.nAdd the onion and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Add the garam masala, tomatoes, soup, coconut milk, and salt and pepper to taste and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and return the chicken breasts to the pan. Simmer for 15 minutes, then add the frozen peas. Return to a simmer and cook for an addition 10 minutes.nServe hot with white rice.nCooks Note: Garam masala is a traditional Indian blend of spices and is available in the spice section of the grocery store., ingredients: [4 chicken breast halves without skin, 13 cup allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 tablespoons canola oil1 onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon garam masala seasoning, plus 2 teaspoons, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 12 cup cream of chicken soup, condensed, 1 cup light coconut milk, Salt and pepper, 1 cup frozen peas, Cooked white rice, to serve], title: Chicken Masala, picturelink: null}, 28155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the chocolate and coconut oil in a bowl in the microwave 2 to 3 minutes. Coat the pretzel sticks in the chocolate and arrange them into nests on a parchment or wax paperlined surface. Refrigerate for 10 minutes to set, then add the chocolate egg candies., ingredients: [12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, 12 ounces pretzel sticks, 1 bag chocolate egg candies], title: Chocolate Nests, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 28156: {instructions: Peel potatoes and then slice into thin slices. Wash sliced potato in water and let sit. Drain the water. Deepfry the potato slices in peanut oil until crispy. Garnish chicken., ingredients: [Potatoes, Peanut oil], title: Potato Noodles, picturelink: null}, 28157: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Season filet mignon steaks generously with salt and pepper. In a heavy, ovenproof skillet, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Pansear the steaks, only on 1 side, for 2 minutes until a crust forms. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for 10 minutes or until cooked medium rare.nTo prepare the salsa: Toss together the tomatillo, jicama, avocado, red onion and grape tomatoes. Pour half the chimichurri sauce into the salsa and toss gently to coat. Serve the steaks, crust side up, with salsa and remaining chimichurri.nTo prepare the Chimichurri: Combine garlic, jalapeno and lime in a small bowl. Whisk in vinegar and olive oil. Stir in parsley and cilantro. Add salt, cover and let stand 2 hours to allow the flavors to marry., ingredients: [2 8ounce filet mignon steaks, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ripe tomatillos, husked, rinsed and diced, 1 medium jicama, peeled and cubed, 2 avocados, peeled and cubed, 12 red onion, sliced, 6 red grape tomatoes, halved, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 jalapeno, minced, 12 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: LatinAmerican Filet Mignon with Avocado and Jicama Salsa, picturelink: null}, 28158: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F 230 degrees C. Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nFor the grilled pork chops: In a food processor, reduce the chiles to a powder. In a small bowl, mix the chile powder with the olive oil and season with salt. Rub the meat with the chile oil and grill until desired doneness, about 5 minutes depending on the size of the pork chop. Keep warm.nFor the tlayudas: Place 1 tortilla on a baking sheet or pizza stone and spread with 12 tablespoon lard if using, and then a quarter of the refried bean puree. Add a quarter of the avocado, sprinkle with hot sauce to taste and top with a quarter of the cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nMeanwhile, thinly slice the pork chops.nGarnish each tortilla with lettuce, onions, diced tomatoes, cilantro and salsa. Eat openfaced or fold in half if desired and top with the thinly sliced grilled pork chops., ingredients: [About 20 dried arbol chiles, 1 tablespoon15 ml olive oil, Salt, 4 boneless pork chops, 4 oversized flat tortillas, 2 tablespoons30 ml lard or duck fat, optional, 12 cup125 ml refried black beans, pureed, 1 avocado, sliced, Hot sauce, 1 cup250 ml grated Oaxaca cheese, Shredded lettuce, Chopped onions, Diced tomatoes, Chopped fresh cilantro, Salsa], title: Lupitas Tlayudas, picturelink: null}, 28159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the veal with salt and pepper. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 veal cutlets and cook until golden brown, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer the veal to a plate. Add another tablespoon of butter and oil, if necessary. Repeat with the remaining 4 cutlets. Set the cutlets aside.nAdd 1 tablespoon of oil to the skillet. Add the shallot and garlic. Saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add a tablespoon of the olive oil, if necessary. Add the mushrooms and saute until tender and the juices evaporate, about 3 minutes. Season with salt. Add the Marsala. Simmer until the Marsala reduces by half, about 2 minutes. Add the broth and the rosemary leaves. Simmer until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Return the veal to the skillet. Pour in all of the pan juices. Cook just until heated through, turning to coat, about 1 minute. Stir the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter into the sauce. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, to taste.nUsing tongs, transfer the veal to plates. Spoon the sauce over the veal and serve., ingredients: [8 veal cutlets about 3 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 to 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 ounces assorted mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup sweet Marsala, 34 cup lowsalt chicken broth, Leaves from 1 fresh rosemary sprig], title: Veal Marsala, picturelink: T7O49WJTAHSARuxEh.JveqH2pGClMva}, 28160: {instructions: Combine everything but the oysters in a saucepan. Let sauce ingredients simmer over low heat for about 15 minutes.nPlace each oyster back in its shell. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of sauce onto each oyster and place in a covered BBQ kettle to cook for 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 tablespoon red chili flakes, 14 cup chopped shallots, 14 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup chopped Italian parsley, 6 shucked oysters, shells reserved], title: Hog Island BBQ Oysters, picturelink: DctVMG5U.mDmGRdb8iwbjb7cLyiP13O}, 28161: {instructions: Whisk 14 cup each buttermilk and crumbled blue cheese, 3 tablespoons reducedfat sour cream, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, a dash of hot sauce, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add 10 cups mixed salad greens and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Salad With Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 28162: {instructions: Prepare the crust: Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate, fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Chill 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line the dough with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until golden all over, 10 to 15 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Peel the apples cut into 12inch pieces. Toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice in a bowl. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the flour, cinnamon and salt and stir until the juices thicken, 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and fold in the berries let cool completely. The filling can be made up to 2 days ahead cover and refrigerate.nWhile the filling cools, make the topping: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Cut in 3 tablespoons butter with your fingers until it is in peasize pieces. Add the buttermilk stir with a wooden spoon to make a shaggy dough.nSpoon the filling into the crust dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Drop large spoonfuls of the topping over the filling and sprinkle generously with turbinado sugar. Place the pie on a rimmed baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and bake until the topping is golden, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Cover the pie with foil if it is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool until set, about 3 hours.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 piece refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce box, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 pounds crisp apples such as Braeburn or Empire, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon or apple pie spice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups mixed berries such as raspberries, blueberries and blackberries, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch of salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup buttermilk, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling], title: AppleBerry Cobbler Pie, picturelink: uHc8UOkFhFUtLuUzdWUwYvfNq1zWi1G}, 28163: {instructions: Bring the rice, milk, apricots, vanilla scrapings and lemon zest to a simmer in a covered heavy saucepan over medium heat. Immediately reduce the heat to as low as possible, cover tightly, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the rice is very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir the egg yolks into the cooked rice mixture and stir just until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the sugar. Spoon the rice pudding into ramekins or dessert cups and let cool. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 cup raw shortgrain rice such as Arborio, rinsed in a colander until the water runs clear, 4 12 cups milk, 14 cup diced dried apricots, 14 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and soft insides scraped out and reserved, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar], title: Apricot Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 28164: {instructions: Heat a small nonstick skillet over low heat and add butter. As soon as the butter stops foaming, crack the eggs into the pan. Lift the handle about an inch so that the eggs pool in the far corner of the pan. Hold for 30 seconds or until the whites start to set, then lower the handle and give the pan a jiggle just to make sure theres no sticking. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper and continue to cook over low heat until the whites become opaque. Jiggle to loosen the eggs, then lift the pan, holding it about a foot above the heat. Now, flip the eggs over by pushing the pan away and snapping upward simultaneously. Once the eggs start their somersault, raise the pan to meet them so that the exposed yolks experience the softest landing possible. The goal of course is to avoid breaking the yolks. If you succeed, count to 10 slowly then flip the eggs again, slide them onto a plate and serve. If the yolks do break, act like you meant them to, fry for another minute and serve. Theyll still taste great., ingredients: [2 eggs the fresher the better, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Eggs Over Easy, picturelink: null}, 28165: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt 14 cup of the butter, and saute the shallots until softened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon for 2 minutes. Whisk in the sherry and broth and bring to a boil while stirring. Add the parsley and thyme sprigs, lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook the sauce for 30 minutes, stirring frequently.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, saute the mushrooms until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Strain the sauce into mushrooms and season with the salt, pepper, cayenne, and nutmeg. Whisk in the creme fraiche.nAdd the minced parsley, chicken, and chives to the sauce, and bring to a simmer. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately over noodles, toast points, split baking powder biscuits or wrapped in crepes.nPut the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, and cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and cut the meat into cubes. Discard the bones and skin.nStrain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freeze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth before using.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large shallots, minced, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup dry sherry, 3 34 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 6 sprigs plus 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more, to taste, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 12inch slices, 12 cup creme fraiche or heavy cream, 4 cups 1inch cubed poached chicken, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon snipped fresh chives, Serving suggestions: Buttered noodles, toast points, biscuits, or crepes, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, halved, 1 small carrot, halved, 1 stalk celery, halved, 3 pounds chicken breasts halves, on the bone and fat trimmed, 5 to 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned], title: Chicken a la King, picturelink: null}, 28166: {instructions: In a nonstick pan heat the oil until hot and pan sear the striped bass skin side down for approximately 1 to 2 minutes or until crisp. Turn and finish cooking on the other side. Remove the fish and pour off the excess oil and deglaze the pan with the white wine and add the remaining the ingredients. Spoon the mixture over the fish once the butter has melted.nWhisk together the heavy cream, eggs, garlic, salsify and salt and pepper until well combined. Using 2ounce or 3ounce ramekin molds, sprayed with nonstick spray, pour the mixture into the the ramekins. Place the ramekins in a water bath and cover with buttered waxed paper. Bake in a 325 degree oven until ramekins are done. Approximately 20 minutes.nToss the potatoes with the olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper. Roast in a 450 degree oven for approximately 12 hour or until done. Toss with the chopped parsley and whole butter, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2  8 ounce skin on wild Striped Bass fillets, 3 tablespoons white wine, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 eggs, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 cup cooked salsify, pureed, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and blanched, 10 ounces Creamer potatoes approximately 8 potatoes, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon whole butter], title: Striped Bass with Salsify Flan, Asparagus and Oven Roasted Creamer Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 28167: {instructions: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nWash the okra, drain thoroughly and pat dry. Cut off the ends of the okra, and then cut the okra crosswise into 12inch rounds.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flours, baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, baking soda, 12 teaspoon cayenne and 14 teaspoon white pepper. In a small bowl, combine the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne and 14 teaspoon white pepper and set aside.nPlace the cornstarch in a small bowl.nWhen the oil is hot, add the hot sauce and ice water to the spiced flour. Gently mix there will be some small lumps.nSkewer the okra pieces through the middle of the flesh, leaving enough room between each piece of okra so they can fry individually. Repeat with remaining okra. Dredge the skewers through the cornstarch. Place into the tempura batter and then immediately and carefully into the hot oil.nFry the okra in batches until browned, 4 to 6 minutes for each batch. Drain on paper towels, sprinkle with the reserved salt and spice mixture and serve immediately with Spicy Ranch Dressing.nMince the garlic and then add 12 teaspoon kosher salt and mash with the edge of the knife until a paste is formed.nAdd this to a blender with the remaining ingredients. Puree and taste to adjust seasoning.nRemove and place in a small bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 12 cups canola oil, 12 to 16 ounces fresh okra, 12 cup tapioca flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, divided, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, divided, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, divided, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 to 6 dashes hot pepper sauce, 34 cup ice cold water, Spicy Ranch Dressing, for serving, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup buttermilk, 14 cup loose packed fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried dill, 1 teaspoon dehydrated onion flakes, 2 drops Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch ground white pepper], title: Tempura Fried Okra, picturelink: V2XDgH0WLd9KmS3gdTtnRWY94AIwmVO}, 28168: {instructions: Cover pie shell with two layers of foil and bake in 450 degree F oven for 8 minutes. Remove foil and bake 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.nCombine coconut, graham cracker crumbs, pecans and sugar in a large bowl. In another bowl, beat egg whites just until foamy add to the coconut mixture. Mix well. Pour into prepared pie shell. Bake uncovered in 350 degree F oven for 35 minutes or until set., ingredients: [1 9inch pie shell, 1 12 cup flaked coconut, 1 12 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 12 cup pecans, chopped, 1 12 cup sugar, 1 cup egg whites], title: Sawdust Pie, picturelink: null}, 28169: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nIn a pot of boiling water add salt and asparagus and cook for 1 minute to blanch.nRemove asparagus from pot, and plunge into a bowl of ice water, to cool. Pat asparagus dry, drizzle with oil, salt, and pepper to taste. Put asparagus on a heated grill. Grill for about 2 minutes, turning once or so., ingredients: [1 bunch medium asparagus, Olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 28170: {instructions: 1. For the filling: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, stir together the sugar, flour, and nutmeg. Gradually whisk in 14 cup water and lemon juice to make a smooth mixture. Add the fruit and toss gently to coat evenly. Transfer to a shallow, 2quart heatproof baking or gratin dish and dot with butter. Set aside.n2. To make the biscuit: In a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and 12 teaspoon fine salt. Work in the butter with your fingertips until the texture resembles coarse meal. Add the milk, vanilla, and lemon zest to the dry ingredients and stir just until moistened to make wet, slightly lumpy dough. Do not over mix.n3. Put the baking dish on the stovetop over a mediumlow heat, and stir the fruit mixture gently until it simmers. Reduce heat to low and cook until thickened, about 2 minute. Remove from the heat.n4. Drop large spoonfuls of dough onto the top of the peaches, randomly spacing mounds of dough and leaving some uncovered areas, to give a cobbled look. Spread the dough to an even thickness and sprinkle dough with sugar, if desired.n5. Bake the cobbler until the biscuit is lightly browned about 45 minutes. Let the cobbler set up at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 medium fresh peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced about 3 pounds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Fine salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 34 cup, plus 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 28171: {instructions: nPut a large frying pan on a high heat, and once hot, add a good couple lugs of olive oil.nCut your bacon into thick 12inch1 cm lardons, and add to the pan. Fry, stirring occasionally, for around 3 minutes, or until youve got a good bit of colour on the bacon and a lot of the fat has rendered out. Turn the heat down a little and add your bread to the pan, making sure you spread the croutons out so they take on some colour. Fry for another 3 minutes, or until theyve sucked up all the wonderful flavour and are lovely, crisp, and golden.nFor the dressing:nPut the extravirgin olive oil, red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, and a good pinch of salt and pepper into a clean jam jar. Put the lid on and give it a shake, then have a taste and make sure youve got the balance right. Cooks Note: You want it to be slightly too acidic at this stage, as youll get quite a bit of saltiness from the bacon and French dressings tend to be quite sharp.nFor the salad:nOnce your dressing is made, get everyone around the table so theyre ready to tuck in as soon as the salad is ready. Put your lambs lettuce mache on a big platter, tear in the radicchio, then pour over that wonderful, thick dressing. Scatter over most of your walnuts and chives and all the croutons and lardons. Quickly mix it all up with your clean hands so that every single leaf is coated.nUse the tip of a knife to crumble off little nuggets of Roquefort and let them fall straight on to your salad. Finish by scattering over the rest of the walnuts and chives from a height, and tuck in, ingredients: [Olive oil, 8 ounces 12 pound250 g piece smoked bacon, the best quality you can afford, rind removed, 2 thick slices sourdough bread, cut into 12inch1 cm pieces, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large handfuls lambs lettuce mache, watercress, or rocket, washed and spun dry, 2 large handfuls radicchio, washed and spun dry, A large handful shelled walnut halves, sliced, A bunch fresh chives, finely chopped, 3 12 ounces100 g Roquefort cheese], title: Roquefort Salad with Warm Croutons and Lardons, picturelink: null}, 28172: {instructions: In a large skillet set over moderate heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and the oil until hot, add the shallot and cook, stirring, 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms, thyme and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 7 minutes, or until mushrooms are lightly golden. Add the prosciutto and peas and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until heated through. Add the cream and simmer just until lightly thickened.In a large pot of boiling salted water add the tagliatelle and cook it until al dente. Drain the pasta and transfer it to a serving bowl. Add the remaining butter to the pasta and toss to combine. Add the sauce and toss to coat the pasta. Serve with the Parmesan., ingredients: [4 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 13 cup minced shallot, 12 ounces wild mushrooms, such as Shiitake, Oyster or Cepes, rinsed, trimmed and sliced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, 1 cup small fresh or frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup slivered prosciutto, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces tagliatelle, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Tagliatelle with Wild Mushrooms, Peas and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 28173: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the juice of 12 of lime, sweet chili sauce, mustard, horseradish and vinegar. Set aside.nHeat 12inch of oil in 12inch heavy pan.nCut plantain on diagonal into 1inch thick pieces, remove peel.nWhen oil is hot, add the plantains and fry both sides until golden.nDrain on paper bag, and sprinkle with salt, and minced garlic. With a flat bottomed, heat proof, glass bowl, smash plantains evenly flat, embedding garlic into them. Return to hot oil and fry until dark golden brown. Remove, drain again on a paper bag, adding more coarse salt, to taste, the red pepper flakes, the cayenne pepper and a squeeze of lime.nServe while hot with sweet heat sauce., ingredients: [2 fresh limes, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 1 tablespoon sweet hot mustard, 1 teaspoon horseradish, prepared, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, natural, Canola oil, for frying, 3 green plantains, 14 cup garlic, minced, Salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Dash cayenne pepper], title: Fried Plantains with Sweet Heat, picturelink: keRKLOKu0dNIuinAPGs0mo2h8W6mspa}, 28174: {instructions: Put the pomegranate juice, into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, until juice is reduced to about 2 tablespoons, about 6 minutes. Set aside to cool and thicken.nToast the walnuts in a dry skillet over a mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPut the walnuts and bread crumbs into a food processor and process until finely ground. Add the reduced pomegranate juice or pomegranate molasses, lemon juice, red peppers, cayenne pepper and cumin and process until smooth. With the processor on add the olive oil in a thin stream. Season with salt, to taste. Sprinkle with cumin and olive oil and serve.nServe with pita toasts., ingredients: [34 cup pomegranate juice or 4 teaspoons of pomegranate molasses, 12 cup walnuts, 3 tablespoons unseasoned bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for garnish, Salt, Pita Toasts, for serving], title: Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Dip, picturelink: eaODNPsswz7WdPouDPiEMYE28A0Dbr6}, 28175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 craft sticks or short, thick skewersnFill a glass with ice water and set aside.nCombine the brown sugar, sorghum and butter in a saucepan and heat on medium until the butter melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the sweetened condensed milk, bring to a simmer and cook about 1 minute. Lower the heat and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until a soft ball forms when the caramel is dropped in the glass of ice water, or the temperature reads 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 20 minutes. Let the mixture stand for 5 minutes before dipping the apples.nSkewer each apple through the core with a craft stick. Holding an apple by the stick, dip it in the caramel and roll to coat allow the excess caramel to drip off. Dip in the popcorn or the burned peanuts and place on a sheet of wax paper to cool. Repeat with the remaining apples., ingredients: [2 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup sorghum syrup, 12 cup 1 stick butter, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 8 Honeycrisp or Pink Lady apples any apples are fine, but I like these the best, 4 cups roughly chopped popcorn, 2 cups chopped burned peanuts burned peanuts are peanuts that are burned on just one side in a skillet], title: Sorghum Caramel Apples, picturelink: V5OtTWD0SRgEcuBo64BLNRsGm0WZ0ZS}, 28176: {instructions: Heat a wok over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Pour in 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add the mushrooms and eggs and stir continually until the eggs are softly cooked, about 20 seconds, and then transfer the mushrooms and eggs to a bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the wok and heat until hot. Add the rice, season the mixture with the fivespice powder and stirfry until heated through.nReturn the mushrooms and eggs to the wok with the Pickled Vegetables and stir continually until very hot. Season the mixture with the sesame oil and soy and sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Toss well, and then transfer the mixture to a serving platter. Garnish with the ramps and sprinkle some chili powder over the top. Serve warm or at room temperature.nWhisk together the mirin, rice vinegar, sugar and salt together in a small bowl until dissolved.nTo pickle cucumbers: Slice the cucumber into halfmoon slices and transfer to a nonreactive bowl. Pour the pickling liquid over them, toss to coat, and let stand for at least 30 minutes or up to 3 days in the refrigerator.nTo pickle baby carrots: Peel and halve them lengthwise and transfer them to a nonreactive bowl or jar. Pour the pickling liquid over them, making sure they are completely immersed. Let stand for at least 1 day and up to 5 days in the refrigerator before serving.nTo pickle radishes: If using breakfast radishes, halve them lengthwise, or if using round, quarter them lengthwise. Transfer them to a nonreactive bowl or jar and pour the liquid over them. Let stand for at least 2 hours or up to 2 days in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 fresh shiitake mushrooms, diced, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups jasmine rice, cooked, 2 pinches Chinese fivespice powder, 1 12 cups diced Pickled Vegetables, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Dash light soy sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, for sprinkling, 3 pickled ramps or fresh scallions, for serving, optional, Chili powder or cayenne pepper, for serving, 14 cup mirin Japanese sweet rice cooking wine, 14 cup clear rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, English cucumbers, Baby carrots, Breakfast or round red radishes], title: EggFried Rice with Pickled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 28177: {instructions: Combine the basil, parsley, walnuts, and cheese in a food processor or mortar. Pulse or grind gradually adding the 3 cups olive oil until the mixture forms a paste.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the linguine and cook until it is al dente, about 8 minutes drain and reserve.nHeat 3 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the scallops, mushrooms, and zucchini and cook until the vegetables are tender and the scallops are opaque, about 2 minutes. Add the pesto and the linguine. Toss to coat the pasta with sauce. Spoon onto warm plates and serve., ingredients: [3 cups fresh, cleaned basil leaves, 2 cups fresh cleaned flatleaf parsley, 3 cups chopped walnuts, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 3 cups extra virgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 pound bay scallops, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 1 cup sliced zucchini, Kosher salt, 8 ounces linguine], title: Bay Scallops with Pesto, picturelink: d7UxleDr8GnNYjBCa8uYE0mHixpPGsW}, 28178: {instructions: To a hot saute pan, add the Szechwan peppercorns and toast until their aroma is released. Immediately remove from the pan and set aside. In another saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and melt. Lower the heat and add the shallots, garlic, chives, parsley, fivespice powder, the reserved toasted peppercorns, soy sauce, and maple syrup and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cool marinade completely.nAdd the Halibut cheeks to the cooled marinade, cover, and refrigerate for 10 to 30 minutes.nRemove the halibut cheeks from the marinade and grill 3 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Szechwan peppercorns, 4 ounces butter, 2 tablespoons sliced shallots, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 12 to 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon whole leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 pound halibut cheeks], title: Marinated Halibut Cheeks, picturelink: null}, 28179: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with a silpat or parchment paper. Combine the water, butter, 1 12 teaspoons of sugar, and salt in a heavy medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring until the butter melts. Add the flour and stir over medium heat for 1 minute. Cool 5 minutes.nCrack 2 eggs into a measuring cup. Use a wooden spoon to beat the eggs into the dough, 1 at a time. Spoon 10 or 12 1 12inch mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Beat the remaining egg in a small bowl to blend. Gently brush the egg over the dough mounds do not drip the egg onto the baking sheet.nBake the pastries until they are amber brown, about 50 minutes. Allow the pastries to cool completely.nMix the mascarpone, ricotta, vanilla, and remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until cold. Using a serrated knife, cut the tops off the pastry and set aside. Spoon the mascarpone mixture into the pastries and top with its lid.nCombine the chocolatehazelnut spread and cream in a small bowl. Heat in the microwave for about 30 seconds until warm. Stir the mixture. Spoon the chocolatehazelnut sauce atop the pastries. Sprinkle with the hazelnuts and serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 14 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons plus 3 tablespoons sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 cup all purpose flour, 3 large eggs, 1 8ounce container mascarpone cheese, 34 cup ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chocolatehazelnut spread such as Nutella, 14 cup whipping cream, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, chopped], title: Profiteroles with Ricotta Mascarpone, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 28180: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nMelt butter in a saucepan and stir in wine, Worcestershire sauce, chipotles, adobo sauce, garlic, and salt. Toss shrimp with sauce in a large shallow baking dish and bake in middle of oven until shrimp are just cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nCooks note: Shrimp with heads on may be used in this recipe  youll need 1 pound., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup dry red wine, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, minced, plus 2 to 3 teaspoons adobo sauce, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp not shelled, Accompaniment: baguette], title: Baked Shrimp in Chipotle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 28181: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nCover a baking sheet with wrinkled aluminum foil so the pumpkin will rest securely flat on it. Place the pumpkin on the foil.nSeason foie gras with salt and pepper. Pour wine into pumpkin shell and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place foie gras in pumpkin, the large lobe underneath the smaller lobe. Cover with the pumpkin top, and wrap pumpkin securely in aluminum foil. Bake until the internal temperature of the liver reaches 120 degrees F, about 2 hours. Remove pumpkin from oven, discard foil, and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate overnight.nRemove pumpkin from refrigerator 30 minutes before severing. Serve at table, using a hot spoon to scoop out foie gras.nServe with slices of crusty French bread., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound pumpkin, top, seeds, and membranes carefully removed, 1 1 12 pound whole, Grade A foie gras, at room temperature, cleaned and deveined, Course salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup Banyuls or tawny Port, Serving suggestion: hot crusty bread], title: Foie Gras in a Pumpkin Terrine, picturelink: null}, 28182: {instructions: Set 14 of the cookie chunks in a 10inch pie plate. In a chilled bowl with chilled beaters whip the cream until semi stiff. Incorporate the sugar and beat until stiff fold in the vanilla.nCrumble a quarter of the cookies in a 10inch pie plate. Spread a quarter of the whipped cream over the cookies. Arrange some whole cookies over that, spread with another quarter of the whipped cream. Repeat with layers of whole cookies and whipped cream, ending with a layer of whipped cream. Cover the pie with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 8 hours at least or, preferably overnight., ingredients: [8 ounces plain round chocolate wafer cookies, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla], title: Instant Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 28183: {instructions: Combine 2 cups hot water and the tomato paste in a 6quart slow cooker. Add the crushed tomatoes, red pepper flakes, sugar and basil and stir to combine. Cover and cook on high while you prepare the meat.nButterfly the steak: Slice in half horizontally, leaving 1 long side attached so you can open the steak like a book. Place between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound until about 14 inch thick. Remove the plastic season the steak with salt and pepper. Scatter the provolone evenly over the steak, then top with the garlic, breadcrumbs, pecorino, raisins, pine nuts and parsley.nStarting with a long side, tightly roll up the steak like a jelly roll. Secure with twine in several spots. Transfer to the slow cooker reduce the heat to low, cover and cook 7 hours.nRemove the meat to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Remove the twine, then slice 1 inch thick. Serve with polenta top with more sauce from the slow cooker.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 6ounce cans tomato paste, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 small bunch basil, torn about 10 leaves, 1 1 12to1 34pound flank steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 23 cups grated provolone cheese 6 to 7 ounces, 3 small cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated pecorino romano cheese about 2 ounces, 13 cup golden raisins, 14 cup pine nuts or chopped walnuts, 1 cup lightly packed fresh parsley, Polenta, for serving], title: Steak Roulade with Provolone, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 28184: {instructions: Heat oil in small skillet over medium heat, add the onion, and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the curry powder, apple, and banana, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes stirring continuously. Add 1 12 tablespoons water and cook for 4 minutes more, stirring. Remove from the heat and set aside until cool. Make sure the curry sauce is cool before blending with the mayonnaise or it will separate. Add the curry mixture, mayonnaise, sour cream, salt, and pepper to the bowl of a food processor and blend until smooth. Add a little more water if the curry sauce is too thick. Set aside. Cut the tuna into 14inch dice and place into a very cold bowl. Add the cucumber, 1 teaspoon of chives, 12 cup curry sauce, lemon juice, hot sauce and salt. Adjust the seasoning to taste. Cover and place into the refrigerator until ready to assemble. This can all be done up to 3 hours in advance. Heat 12inch of oil in a small skillet over medium heat. When hot, add 2 or 3 pappadams at a time, turning them over when they start to curl. Cook until bubbles appear, or they start to turn golden brown, about 20 seconds. Do not allow them to get to dark or they will have a burnt flavor. Remove and drain on a paper towel. Keep them in a warm oven until ready to use up to 2 hours this will dry them out and keep them crisp. Arrange 1 teaspoonful of the tuna tartare on each mini pappadam, and garnish with the remaining chopped chives., ingredients: [112 tablespoons water, 112 teaspoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sour cream, Salt and pepper to taste, 12ounce tuna steak, 12 cup cucumber, peeled, seeded, cut into 18inch dice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, Juice of 12 small lemon, 8 shots of hot sauce, or to taste, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 package plain pappadams, 114inches in diameter, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons finely diced onion, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons finely diced apple, 12 banana, finely diced], title: Curried Tuna Tartare on Pappadam, picturelink: null}, 28185: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 skewersnPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nFor the marinade: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, basil, honey, salt, pepper and garlic in a small bowl. The marinade can be made 2 days in advance and kept in the refrigerator.nFor the veggies and cheese: Place the mushrooms, tomatoes, chile pepper, squash and zucchini in a plastic bag and pour the marinade over. Marinate for 3 to 4 hours.nRemove the vegetables from the marinade, reserving any leftover marinade. Thread each type of vegetable all onto 1 skewer to ensure proper cooking time for each vegetable. Place the zucchini, squash, pepper and mushroom skewers on the grill first. Grill, turning once, until the vegetables have charred and softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Grill the halloumi and cherry tomatoes, 3 to 4 minutes.nOnce the vegetables are cooked, transfer them from the skewer to a bowl. Toss with extra marinade. Serve the vegetables with toothpicks and the Spicy Avocado Dill Dip.nMash the avocado with a fork in a medium bowl. Add the sour cream and whisk until well combined. Stir in the dill, scallions, garlic, jalapeno, salt and black pepper. Chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Serve with chips or vegetable crudites and garnish with a few sprigs of fresh dill., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 button mushrooms, cleaned and stemmed, 12 heirloom cherry tomatoes, 1 Anaheim chile pepper, stemmed and seeded, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 yellow squash, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 zucchini, cut into 12inch chunks, 12 ounces halloumi cheese, cut into 12inch chunks, Spicy Avocado Dill Dip, for serving, recipe follows, 1 medium ripe avocado, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 medium jalapeno, minced, seeded for milder heat, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Chips, or vegetable crudites, for serving], title: Marinated Veggie Kebabs with Halloumi Cheese, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 28186: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to the boil and salt generously. Add the noodles and cook until they are tender but not mushy.nMeanwhile, ladle 14 cup of the noodle cooking water into a medium skillet. Set the skillet over low heat and, while whisking constantly, gradually add the butter, piece by piece, let each piece of butter melt into the sauce before adding the next bit until a smooth sauce has formed. Stir in the parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Add the lemon zest if desired.nDrain the noodles in a colander set in the sink and leave whatever water clings to them, do not rinse. Transfer the noodles to a large bowl, add the sauce, and toss well with the sauce. Serve., ingredients: [12 ounces wide egg noodles, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and chilled, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest optional], title: Buttered Egg Noodles with Parsley, picturelink: null}, 28187: {instructions: For the pastry dough: Mix together the flour and salt in a large bowl. Add the lard and butter and mix with your hands until crumbly. Slowly add the water and mix until the dough comes together, then coat with flour to prevent sticking. Refrigerate the dough for a minimum of 2 hours and preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough into a 18inchthick square on a lightly floured surface, then cut the into six 7by7inch squares.nFor the apple filling: Peel and core the apples. Place an apple in the center of each dough square. Put 1 piece of butter into the center of each apple. Push some brown sugar down on top of the butter until packed tight. Put a second piece of butter on top of the sugar. Sprinkle cinnamon liberally across the dough and the filled apples. Fold opposite corners of the dough up around each apple, and then turn over and mold the rest of the dough over the apples, being careful not to leave any parts of the apples exposed. Tear off any excess dough on the bottom of each apple.nPlace the apples in a 9by13inch baking dish.nFor the dumpling sauce: Combine the water, granulated sugar, butter and vanilla in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat.nLadle 12 cup of the dumpling sauce over each dumpling and pour the excess sauce into the baking dish. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the fruit is tender, about 35 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Pinch salt, 34 cup lard, softened, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup water, 6 Granny Smith apples, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12 pieces, Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Apple Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 28188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the caramelized onions: Heat the oil over medium heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the onions, vinegar, salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until the onions are deep golden brown, about 20 minutes.nFries: Drain the potatoes and dry completely on a clean kitchen towel. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 5 minutes.nWhile the oil is heating, in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 2 12 cups water until smooth. Coat the potatoes in the batter. Transfer 8 to 10 potatoes to the oil, allowing any excess batter to drip back into the bowl. Fry until golden and crisp, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining potatoes.nFor the sauce: In a small skillet, melt the butter over low heat. Add the thyme and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Pour the sauce over the fries and gently toss until coated.nPlace the fries on a platter and spoon the onions on top. Sprinkle with fontina and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds sweet potatoes or garnet yams about 3 medium, scrubbed, unpeeled and cut into 14inchby4inch fries, soaked in ice water, Canola oil or vegetable oil, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 8 ounces shredded fontina, for serving], title: Sweet Potato Garlic Fries, picturelink: lQEC89hUAq1tZGpldjG8WvvqqKj3CR2}, 28189: {instructions: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse meal mixed with peasize bits of butter, 10 to 15 times. Add the egg mixture and pulse until the dough just starts to come together, about 10 times. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, using the plastic to help form it into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nWhisk together the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, egg yolk and salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator, about 45 minutes. Toss the plums, brown sugar, cornstarch and vanilla together in a medium bowl and set aside.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and place a rimmed baking sheet on it. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle the dough lightly with flour on both sides and roll out on a lightly floured surface into a 12inch round that is about 18inch thick. Transfer the dough to a piece of parchment and place on an inverted baking sheet.nSpread the cream cheese mixture over the center of the dough, leaving a 2inch border on all sides. Lay the plum slices overlapping in concentric circles to cover the cream cheese filling. Fold the edges of the dough over the filling, pleating as needed. Brush the crust with the egg white and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.nSlide the galette and parchment paper onto the preheated baking sheet and bake until crust is golden, about 40 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a wire rack to cool slightly before serving, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon cold water, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, separated, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 ripe medium plums about 12 ounces halved, pitted and thinly sliced, 13 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: Plum Cheesecake Galette, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 28190: {instructions: Place frozen berries unthawed with orange juice and liqueur in food processor. If you are ready to serve, then fold fresh strawberries into this and serve in glasses. If you make this in advance, transfer mix to a metal bowl and freeze until ready to eat you dont want this rock hard if it is, reprocess in processor, then fold into berries., ingredients: [10 ounce sweetened frozen raspberries Do not thaw, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, Fresh strawberries, halved], title: Quick Frozen Raspberry Dessert with Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 28191: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meat mixture: Combine the ground beef, breadcrumbs, ketchup, dry mustard, Worcestershire sauce, bouillon and some salt and pepper. Knead until all combined. Form into 4 to 6 oval patties, and then make lines across the patties to give them a steak appearance.nFry the patties in a skillet with the butter and oil over mediumhigh heat on both sides until no longer pink in the middle. Remove from the skillet and pour off any excess grease.nFor the gravy: Reduce the heat to medium and add in the sliced onions. Stir and cook until golden brown and somewhat soft, for several minutes. Add the beef stock, ketchup, seasoning sauce, if using, and the Worcestershire. Then combine the cornstarch with a little beef broth and add to the sauce if using. Stir and cook to reduce.nAdd a sprinkle of salt and pepper and more broth if needed for thinning. Then return the patties to the gravy. Spoon the gravy over the top and let them simmer and heat back up for a couple of minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 12 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 cube beef bouillon, crumbled or powdered beef base, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 whole onion, halved and thinly sliced or diced if you prefer, 2 cups beef broth, more if needed for thinning, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon seasoning sauce, such as Kitchen Bouquet, optional, 4 dashes Worcestershire, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, optional, Salt and pepper], title: Salisbury Steak, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 28192: {instructions: For the filling: In a small bowl, combine chicken stock, oyster sauce, sugar, tapioca starch, ketchup, soy sauce, and white pepper set aside. Heat a wok over high heat for 40 seconds and add oil. Coat wok with oil using a spatula. When a wisp of white smoke appears, add onion. Lower heat to medium, and cook until onion turns light brown, about 2 minutes. Raise heat to high, add pork, and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add wine, and stir to combine. Stir the reserved stock mixture and add it to the wok. Cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens and turns brown, 1 to 1 12 minutes. Add sesame oil, and stir to combine. Transfer to a shallow dish. Cool to room temperature. Refrigerate uncovered, for at least 4 hours or up to overnight. For the dough: On a clean work surface, combine flour, sugar, and baking powder. Make a well in the center, add milk gradually, and combine flour mixture with fingers. When milk is absorbed, add 3 tablespoons water, and work dough with fingers. Add lard, and continue to work dough with fingers. Using a dough scraper, gather dough in 1 hand and knead it with the other. Knead until dough is smooth and elastic, 12 to 15 minutes. If dough is dry, add 1 teaspoon water at a time and continue to knead. If dough is wet, sprinkle a bit of flour on work surface and on hands and continue working it. When dough is elastic it will bounce back if you poke it lightly, cover with plastic wrap and let rest 1 hour. Prepare the buns: Cut 16 2 12inch squares of parchment or waxed paper. Bring a pan of water to a boil. Roll dough into a cylinder 16 inches long. Cut into 1inch pieces. Roll each piece into a ball. Work with 1 piece at a time cover those not being used with a piece of plastic wrap. Press a ball of dough down lightly, then, with fingers, press a well into the center. Place 1 tablespoon filling into the well, and pleat the dough with fingers until filling is completely enclosed. Repeat for all 16. Place buns on parchment squares, and place in steamer at least 2 inches apart to permit expansion. Cover steamer. Place over boiling water, and steam until dough is fluffy and dry and filling is hot, 12 to 20 minutes. Remove buns from steamer, and repeat with remaining buns. Serve warm.nCut pork into lengthwise strips 2 inches wide and 1 inch thick. Using a small knife, pierce the meat repeatedly at 12inch intervals to help tenderize it. Place pork strips in a single layer at bottom of a small baking pan. Combine honey, wet preserved bean curd, Mei Kuei Lu Chiew, dark soy sauce, soy sauce, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, fivespice powder, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Pour over pork. Turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap, and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 4 hours or overnight. Heat oven to broil. Unwrap baking pan, and place in broiler about 4 inches from heat. Broil until cooked through, 15 to 35 minutes depending on the heat of your broiler. The pork should be turned 3 or 4 times while it cooks. If the sauce dries out, add some boiling water to pan. When meat is cooked, remove from pan. Use immediately or allow to cool, then refrigerate until ready to use. Yield: 2 12 pounds Preparation time: 15 minutes Cooking time: 30 minutes Nonactive preparation time: 4 hours, ingredients: [2 14 cups bleached allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 3 14 teaspoons baking powder, 6 tablespoons milk, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons melted lard or peanut oil, 2 12 pounds lean boneless pork loin, 14 cup honey, 34 cake, 34 ounce wet or red preserved bean curd, 2 tablespoons Mei Kuei Lu Chiew or gin, 4 12 teaspoons dark soy sauce, 4 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 4 12 teaspoons oyster sauce, 4 12 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground white pepper, 5 tablespoons homemade chicken stock or lowsodium canned chicken broth skimmed of fat, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 2 12 teaspoons sugar, 2 14 teaspoons tapioca starch, 2 teaspoons ketchup, 1 12 teaspoons dark soy sauce, Pinch freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch pieces, 34 cup barbecued pork, cut into 12inch cubes, recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or gin, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil], title: Steamed Pork Buns, picturelink: null}, 28193: {instructions: Clean the mushroom caps and remove stems. In a saucepan, combine the sake, soy sauce, mirin, and sugar and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the mushrooms. Simmer for 7 minutes. Remove mushrooms and use in a salad immediately, or cool and use later with grilled meats., ingredients: [30 fresh shiitake caps, 23 cup goodquality sake, 4 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Shiitake Japanese Style, picturelink: null}, 28194: {instructions: For the Mango Puree: Combine all the ingredients in pot, stir to combine and continuously through cooking until the puree bubbles, about 12 minutes.nFor the Candied Cashews: Place the rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Next, line a rimmed cookie sheet with parchment paper. You can also use a jellyroll pan.nIn a medium heavy bottom saucepan melt the butter over high heat being careful not to brown the butter. To the melted butter, add the sugar, light corn syrup, and salt and stir to combine. Add the cashews and cook for 3 minutes stirring constantly.nPour the sugar coated cashews onto the lined baking sheet. With a heat resistant spatula spread the nuts in an even layer. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until golden brown. Use the heat resistant spatula to stir the nuts half way through the baking to help the nuts develop an beautiful even golden color.nRemove pan from the oven and allow nuts to cool completely. Once cool, break into small clusters.nFor the Pastry Cream: Because the pastry cream needs to be removed from the saucepan immediately, prepare ahead and place a bowl, a fine mesh strainer or a food mill, and a heat resistant rubber spatula near the stove.nIn a second bowl, whisk together the flour with 1 cup of the sugar. Next, whisk in the eggs until smooth. The mixture will be very thick.nCombine the milk, the remaining cup of sugar, the vanilla bean, and the salt in a medium saucepan. Over medium heat cook the milk mixture being sure to occasionally stir to prevent scorching and a skin from forming. Remove the pan from the heat when it just begins to simmer. While whisking constantly, slowly pour, in a thing stream, about half of the milk into the sugar, flour, egg mixture. Using the same method of pouring slowly and whisking, return the mixture in the bowl to the saucepan with the remaining milk. Return the pan to the stove and cook over medium to mediumlow heat while whisking constantly but not vigorously to avoid incorporating air into the pastry cream. Cook the mixture until it thickens. Immediately remove the pan from the stove as soon as the first bubble breaks the surface of the pastry cream.nAs soon as the pastry cream is removed from the heat pour the hot pastry cream into the strainer or food mill. Use the spatula to scrape the pan and to push the pastry cream through the sieve, if using.nPlace plastic wrap directly on the surface of the cream to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate at least several hours, or overnight.nSlice the cake in half horizontaly, brush with simple syrup or a good quality liqueur.nSpread your favorite jam between the layers of cake and cut in squares. Make a mixture of half pastry cream and half whipped cream.nFor assembly, place layers of cake on the bottom of a trifle dish. Layer with mango puree, grilled pineapple, candied cashews and the pastry creamwhipped cream mixture continuing layers until the bowl is full. Garnish with coconut and more candied cashews., ingredients: [1 cup mango pureed, 2 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 eggs, 4 yolks, 2 12 sticks butter, 1 tablespoon butter, very soft, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups unsalted cashews, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, sifted before measuring, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 1 quart milk, 1 vanilla bean, 18 teaspoon salt, Cake, storebought or premade, Simple syrup or your favorite liqueur, Jam, Whipped cream, Grilled pineapple rings, Coconut], title: Tropical Trifle, picturelink: null}, 28195: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim, cut, pat dry and season the beef with salt and pepper. Coat the bottom of a large heavy Dutch oven with oil. Heat the oil, over medium heat, and brown the beef, in batches, being careful to not crowd. Add 1 tablespoon of oil, if needed, to finish the beef. As the beef browns, add it to a bowl and keep warm. Add 1 tablespoon of canola oil to the pot over medium heat and add the onions cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute more, then stir in the stock to deglaze the pan. Add the browned beef, the vinegar and the water and cover tightly. Put the pot in the oven and after 45 minutes, give the beef a stir. Cover and cook for an additional 2 hours and 15 minutes, stirring every 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool for 20 to 30 minutes. Shred with forks, incorporating the onions and garlic.nWhen ready to assemble, put 12 cup enchilada sauce in the bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking pan. Heat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat with just enough enchilada sauce to coat the bottom. Dip the tortillas, 1 at a time, into the sauce, and cook until tender, about 1 minute each. Combine the cheeses in a medium bowl. Remove the enchiladas to a flat surface. Fill each with some of the shredded meat and cheese, reserve some cheese for the top of the baking pan. Roll and arrange them, seam side down, in the baking pan, packing the enchiladas tightly. Add additional sauce to come 13 up the sides of the enchiladas, then sprinkle a line of cheese, lengthwise, down the center of the pan. Garnish with green onions and black olives. Bake until bubbly, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, let sit for 5 minutes and then serve with sour cream.nAdd the boiling water to a large bowl and add all of the chiles. Let steep in water for 1 hour.nTransfer the chiles and the steeping liquid to a blender and puree for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the blender and strain through strainer.nHeat the oil in heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic, saute until soft. Stir in the diced tomatoes, strained chiles, oregano, cumin, salt, black pepper and cloves. Cover, lower the heat and simmer for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [5 12 pounds chuck, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for frying, 2 yellow onions, peeled and sliced in 1inch rounds, 8 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 cup lowsodium beef stock, 12 cup white vinegar, 12 cup warm water, Enchilada sauce, recipe follows, 16 6inch corn tortillas, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups grated pepper jack cheese, 12 cup sliced green onions, 1 6ounce can sliced black olives, 1 cup sour cream, for garnish, 4 cups boiling water, 3 ounces dried California chile pods, 6 ounces dried guajillo chile pods, 2 ounces dried pasilla chile pods, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 yellow onion, peeled and chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 28ounce can petite diced tomatoes, preferably fire roasted, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Holla Beef Enchiladas, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 28196: {instructions: Heat peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season both sides of pork with salt and black pepper. Add pork to the skillet and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown.nIn a medium bowl, using a spoon, combine orange marmalade, broth, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Mix well and add to the pork in the pan. Bring to a simmer for 5 minutes, or until pork is cooked through and sauce thickens and reduces. Arrange noodles on a serving platter. Top with pork chops and sauce. Garnish with scallions just before serving., ingredients: [4 pork loin chops, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 cup orange marmalade, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 ounces udon noodles, cooked according to package directions, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions], title: Pork Chops with Orange Soy Glaze and Udon Noodles, picturelink: tqKS5EPgY1BqYtjnXB9C1BAPVeDbkoS}, 28197: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 12cup minimuffin pans with paper liners.nWhisk the flour with the granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Lightly whisk in the melted butter, egg, milk, vanilla, and zest, just until smooth. Divide the batter among the 48 liners, filling about 12 way. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool on a rack for 10 minutes, then turn them out of the pan, flip upright, and cool completely on the rack.nFor the frosting: With a handheld or standing mixer, beat the cream cheese with the butter at medium speed until smooth and fluffy. Add the sugar and beat on low speed until combined. Beat in the vanilla and lemon juice. Chill for 10 to 20 minutes while assembling the tree.nTo make the tree: Begin with 1 Styrofoam cone, 18inches tall by 3 34inches in diameter at the base. Trim about 2inches from the top of the cone and 4inches from the bottom and discard. Wrap the cone in foil, leaving about 2inches of extra foil on the top to fold over, making a more rounded top. Begin inserting toothpicks at the top and skewer a cupcake onto each one. Position as close to each other as possible while working your way around and down.nTransfer the frosting to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes. Begin on the outside edge and make a spiral motion towards the center of each cupcake.nWhen ready to serve, dust the tree with confectioners sugar. Set on a large platter and place toasted coconut around the base for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Zest half a lemon, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 cup shredded sweetened coconut, toasted], title: MiniCupcake Tree, picturelink: null}, 28198: {instructions: Special equipment: a double boilernFor the cake: Grease and flour three 9inch round cake pans. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the chocolate with 12 cup boiling water in the top of a double boiler until the chocolate is melted.nCream together the sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed, 3 minutes. Fold in the melted chocolate. Add the egg yolks.nSift together the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Add to the butter mixture and stir to combine, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Stir in the buttermilk.nBeat the egg whites in a clean bowl with cleaned beaters until stiff peaks form. Fold the egg whites into the cake batter. Divide the batter among the prepared cake pans and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Invert the pans onto racks and cool well.nFor the frosting: Combine the sugar, evaporated milk, butter, egg yolks and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring continuously, being careful not to scorch the frosting. Lower the heat and cook, 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the coconut and pecans. Spread the frosting in a shallow pan, and place in the refrigerator to cool completely.nTo assemble the cake: Slice each cake layer in half horizontally, making a total of 6 thin layers. Place the first cake layer on a cake plate, then spread about 14 inch of the frosting over the top of the cake. Place the next cake layer over the frosting. Repeat the layers, alternating cake and frosting, until all the layers have been used. Frost the outside of the cake., ingredients: [4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, plus additional for greasing cake pans, 4 eggs, separated, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups evaporated milk, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, 6 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 23 cups flaked sweetened coconut, 2 cups pecans, chopped], title: German Chocolate 6Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 28199: {instructions: Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a medium Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid, over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chicken on all sides, about 12 minutes total. Transfer chicken with tongs to a plate.nPour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet and add onion, bell pepper, and salt to taste. Cook over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 7 minutes. Add garlic, paprika, and rice, then cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add wine and boil, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes with juice, chicken broth, saffron, and bay leaf. Nestle chicken in rice, adding any juices from plate.nCook, covered, over low heat until chicken is cooked through, rice is tender, and most of liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in peas, olives, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover skillet and let stand 10 minutes. Discard bay leaf and serve., ingredients: [1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 cups longgrain white rice, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes including juice, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 34 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 1 bay leaf not California, 1 cup frozen peas not thawed, 12 cup pimientostuffed green olives, coarsely chopped, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: SpanishStyle Chicken with Saffron Rice: Arroz con Pollo, picturelink: null}}